

=== Introduction ===


--- Course Introduction ---

Hey there, Eden Marcus here.
And welcome to the Link chain course developer link powered agents with link chain and Link Graph.
And this is the third iteration slash edition of this course with all the changes with Lang.
And I had to refilm it again.
Again.
So you would have the most up to date content.
And the additional benefit of Refilming it is that I integrated a lot of your feedback to make this
course better and better over time.
So this is the course introduction.
So please, please, please don't skip it.
We have some important information here.
All right.
First of all welcome to the course.
I'm super excited to have you here.
And I really hope you will enjoy the course.
And by now over 200,000 students have taken this course and I received over 40,000 reviews.
But most importantly, I've iterated over time on your feedback, doing my best to keep this course
better and better and to keep improving.
And this is an all new, fresh recording.
So after all the feedback I've received, I wanted to reorganize some lectures.
I added more real world examples and discussions on topics like security and like production, added
new sections, new lectures, and updated all of the code to match Lang chain latest and greatest version
1.0.
And it should match the following versions of 1.11.2.
To, but we'll wait and see.
And I've also added to the video some best practices of long chain to make our code more robust, more
usable, and more composable.
Cool.
So last thing before we finish this video, I wanted to introduce myself.
My name is Eden.
I come from a backend development background.
I was a backend development for many, many years, mostly in cybersecurity companies, and before 2023
I had zero machine learning experience.
However, I did jump on the generative AI train when it first came with large language models in 2023.
I am a big fan and advocate of link chain.
I've been heavily involved with the link chain ecosystem and open source package since its very beginning,
and managed to witness the amazing transformation it had making it, in my opinion, the go to framework
when building applications.
I'm also a public speaker and I speak a lot about developing LLM applications.
I'm an official link chain ambassador, and I really believe Link Chain had a huge role of commoditizing
machine learning to make it accessible to people like me, with no PhD and no machine learning experience.
Right now, I do consider myself as an AI engineer, and we'll talk about this new title more in this
course.
So that's it for this video.
I hope you have a better idea of what you're going into and see you in the next one.

--- Course Objectives ---

1
Before we continue with the course,
2
I think it's important
3
to go through the course's objectives,
4
and my number one goal is that, by the end of this course,
5
you'll be competent to develop
6
your own LLM-powered application with LangChain.
7
And I like to categorize LLM applications into two types:
8
agents and RAG applications.
9
And I elaborately talk about this distinction
10
in this video here.
11
Anyways, this course is going to give you
12
an elaborate coverage of those two topics,
13
and you'll know exactly how to implement an agent
14
and how to implement a RAG application.
15
And it's not just about building those type of applications,
16
but rather understanding how they work under the hood.
17
During this course,
18
we'll dive into the LangChain source code,
19
and we'll understand exactly what LangChain is doing,
20
and there will be no magic.
21
We'll understand everything inside the process
22
of building those type of applications,
23
which will provide us with a solid foundation
24
for the LLM application development field.
25
And, as a bonus,
26
you'll also be proficient
27
within the LangChain ecosystem stack,
28
like using LangSmith for tracing,
29
or LangGraph for workflow engineering.
30
And don't worry if you don't understand
31
anything I'm saying right now,
32
I promise you you'll understand everything
33
by the end of this course.
34
We'll also cover prompt engineering-based practices,
35
prompt engineering techniques,
36
and really the history of prompting,
37
which is very interesting and is the foundation
38
for all of the Gen AI apps we're seeing right now.
39
And, as a software engineer
40
who used to write software for the enterprise,
41
I will be covering those production-ready topics
42
like testing, logging, monitoring, alerting, security,
43
and I like to continuously follow up on those topics
44
along the course to discuss some real-world scenarios.
45
All right, and I think it's also important to discuss
46
who is the target audience I was making this course for.
47
So, at the beginning,
48
this course was mainly for software engineers
49
and data scientists who want to get into Generative AI
50
and to build LLM applications.
51
So no prior knowledge in machine learning is needed,
52
and I teach everything you need to know in this course.
53
And I'll be honest with you,
54
when I started my Gen AI journey,
55
I had zero machine learning experience.
56
I always felt inconfident about my knowledge gap
57
in this field,
58
and it was always scary to dive into machine learning,
59
and I never really took this jump.
60
However, now, AI is a commodity,
61
and, in my opinion, LangChain was a huge accelerator
62
in this process.
63
Anyways, you don't need to know machine learning
64
in order to take this course.
65
You just need software experience.
66
So having said that, this course is very technical,
67
and I do assume that you have software experience,
68
so you know how to write code, to debug code,
69
and, overall, that you're comfortable around code,
70
so the sector of software engineers
71
or data scientists were the main ones.
72
However, I did have very surprising students
73
who took this course and enjoyed it.
74
I had lawyers who took this course,
75
and even doctors who actually enjoyed it.
76
So you should know that this was my target audience
77
when making this course.
78
However, this course is not for everyone.
79
Yes, I said that, not for everyone.
80
And this is why I do assume some concepts
81
which I'm not going to cover.
82
Those are the prerequisites,
83
and, without you knowing them,
84
then this course will be challenging for you.
85
So I do assume that you have some Python knowledge,
86
and you know how to run a Python program,
87
and to write Python functions, and classes,
88
and, general, you are proficient in Python.
89
Now, we're not going to do anything crazy with Python.
90
We're just going to use the LangChain library in Python,
91
and the entire source code is being managed in GitHub,
92
so I do assume some basic Git command
93
like git clone and git commit,
94
nothing fancy over here.
95
I do assume you're familiar with the concept
96
of a virtual environment in Python,
97
and how to set environment variables.
98
And, to be honest,
99
I think every standard Python course is going to cover
100
all of those topics.
101
And you will see me bootstrapping from zero
102
the entire project,
103
and you'll see me doing everything step by step.
104
However, I'm not going to explain everything
105
right from the basics.
106
So this is not a Python course,
107
it's a LangChain course.
108
And this is why I don't cover the basics.
109
So it'll give us the flexibility to dive deep
110
right into LangChain and to starting learning it in depth.
111
And it's also important to note
112
that this course has a 30-days money back guarantee.
113
So if you find this course is not for you,
114
feel free to ask for a refund.
115
You will get one without any questions asked.
116
And, if for some reason, 30 days have passed
117
and you still want a refund,
118
feel free to contact me directly,
119
and I will personally give you a refund
120
with no hard feelings.
121
All right, so that's pretty much it.
122
I hope I didn't scare you too much.
123
And with that being said,
124
let's go to the course.


=== The GIST of LangChain- Get started by with your "Hello World" chain ===


--- Course Structure + How to get the best of Udemy [PLEASE DO NOT SKIP] ---

-: Hey, guys, Eden here.
First of all, welcome to Udemy.
I just wanna make sure
you know how to leverage the Udemy platform and Udemy tools
in order for you to maximize your learning potential.
So in this course, I will be speaking at my normal speed,
but if you think I speak too slow,
you can speed me up up to 2x.
In the other way, if you think I speak too fast,
you can decrease my speed up to 0.5x.
At some point of the course,
Udemy will ask you for a rating.
If you're not ready to leave a rating yet,
please click on the Ask me later button.
If you are ready, you can leave your rating
and then click on the star when you're done.
I wanna say that your ratings
are super, super important for me and for new students.
Okay, let's discuss now the courses content
and how do I suggest going through this course,
and what available resource do you have in it?
Generally, I recommend you watching
through the courses regular order,
section 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and et cetera.
Now, it's important to check out the Resource section
for each video,
where I usually put some useful links to the Discord server,
to some Python code snippets, to the documentation,
or any other thing that I mention in the video.
So be sure to notice the Resource section.
Now, all through the course,
I do mention the Troubleshooting section,
where you can find help for issues you are encountering.
And the Theory section,
where I elaborate on things like prompt engineering theory
or LangChain theory.
So sometimes in the course,
I mention terminologies like chain-of-thought prompting,
the reasoning and acting ReAct paper.
So I explain all those theoretical subject in depth
in the Theoretical section.
You are welcome to check out every time you feel like.
If you want to contact me directly,
you can do it in a couple of ways.
First, you can DM me on the Udemy platform.
You can also add me on LinkedIn and send me a message there.
And you can join the course's Discourse server,
where we have thousands of community members
discussing the course's topics.
And lastly, the Discord server is a place for you
to get help in case you're stuck,
if you need some help from me troubleshooting,
or if you have some clarifying questions
on topics that you did not fully understand.
So there are a lot of questions already being asked there.
So feel free to join the Discord server
and to check out the questions
or to post the question yourself
in case you need assistance.
I will do my best to assist you and to answer you,
I love getting messages from students
and interacting with students.
So please don't be shy if you want to send me a message.
This is how I get feedback on the course,
which helps me make it better and better.
This is also a good way for me
to learn about new concepts and new terminologies
and new topics,
which I continuously integrate to the course again.
Cool, so I'll see you in the next video.


=== THE GIST Of AI Agents ===


--- Course's Community ---

Hello, everyone.
I Eden here.
Yes, this is really I here.
I'm really excited to talk to you today about our course discord server, which you can find linked
in the video resources and how it's going to enhance your learning experience.
I want to share with you the main reasons we've set up this discord server.
First and foremost, it's going to be your go to place for getting quick answers to any questions you
might have.
Whether you're running into configuration issues, having technical problems, or just need clarification
about something in the course, the discord server is there for you to get rapid support.
The second big reason for having this server is to create a space where we can all engage in meaningful
discussions about long chain generative AI agents, rag prompt engineering, and all the fascinating
topics we are covering in this course.
It's a place where ideas can flow freely and where we can learn from each other.
Let me tell you about when you can expect to find me on the server.
During weekends, I'll be fully available and checking the server consistently throughout the day.
During weekdays, because of my day job, I'll be checking in twice daily, once in the morning and
once in the evening after work hours.
Now I really want to emphasize something important.
Please, please don't hesitate to ask questions.
I cannot stress this enough.
There are no stupid questions.
Every single question contributes to everyone's learning.
And I know from experience that when one person asks a question, there are usually many others who
had the same question but were hesitant to ask.
Whether it's about configuration issues, error messages, or just understanding concepts better, I'm
here to help.
Quick support from me or your fellow students can save you hours of frustrating debugging.
You can reach me through the discord server, which is the preferred method for course related questions,
but I'm also available on LinkedIn and through Udemy DM.
I'm always open to your feedback and suggestions, whether it's ideas for new topics we should cover
or ways we could improve the existing content.
I'm here to support your learning journey every step of the way, and I'm really looking forward to
connecting with all of you through the discord server.
Oh, and one quick technical note if you try to join the discord server and aren't able to for some
reason, make sure you're logged into discord before clicking the link to the server that usually resolves
any connection issues.


=== Agents Under The Hood (1/4) ===


--- Course Resources ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]


=== -------- [Layer 1]  The ReAct Loop -------- (2/4) ===


--- What is LangChain? LangChain Under 6 Minutes ---

-: Let me try to explain
what is LangChain under six minutes.
LangChain is an open source framework
that simplifies the process
of building LLM-powered applications.
It provides us with a set of tools and abstractions
that make it easier for us
to create complex LLM-powered applications.
And LangChain was massively adopted by the industry,
mostly by developers who want
to build LLM-based applications without really understanding
how machine learning works or how to train models,
but rather to use models as a black box.
And it's currently one of the most popular frameworks,
if not the most popular frameworks
when developing LLM-powered apps like agents
and rag applications, which we're going
to cover in depth in this course.
It's an open source framework,
so the code is available on GitHub
and we can create pull requests
and we can really see what LangChain
is doing for us under the hood.
It has a thriving community of contributors and creators,
building some amazing stuff with LangChain.
All right, so up until now, I have shown you
that LangChain is cool,
that it's widely adopted in the industry
and that it helps us build LLM applications,
but I haven't really showed you how it does it,
and which tools and which abstractions help us
to implement those LLM applications.
So imagine you wanna build an app on top of a powerful,
large language model like Claude Sonnet
or any other LLM you would like,
and that you want to combine it with your own personal data
that the LLM was not trained on, so it's not aware of.
Maybe you want to connect it
to your personal PDF files or maybe to your emails
or your Notion database.
And you also want to construct prompts dynamically
according to some user input.
And of course, you would also want to save the history
of the messages between the user and the AI.
And let's say you want to switch an LLM now
and now you want to use Mistral.
And what if you want to connect the LLM
into a tool like Google Search
or to make an API call according to the user's input.
So this would make your application super powerful
and I can go on and on on more requirements
and more functionality and you can pretty much understand
that building an LLM application
isn't that straightforward if we want to do it ourselves.
It involves with a lot of moving parts
that we need to stitch up together and synchronize.
And luckily for us, LangChain is going to help us do
all of these heavy lifting.
And the craft of building an LLM application
is a whole lot easier when we use LangChain.
It provides a bunch of key different functionalities
divided into modules which help us achieve this.
So let's review some of them.
It abstracts the concept of interacting with the LLM
and through chat models,
we can switch models like we switch our socks.
So we would simply need
to import the correct model we would like to use.
And the beauty of it is that we have the same interface
for all the LLM vendors
and this really gives us freedom as developers
and decouples us from the LLM vendor
and gives us the possibility
to switch between vendors anytime we'd like.
So we won't be vendor-locked to a certain LLM.
Another module of LangChain is prompts, which helps us
with prompt management, optimization,
and prompt serialization.
You can create a template for your prompt
and dynamically inject user input into your template.
making an instance of this prompt template
with your user input.
And that's the final prompt that is going
to be sent to the LLM.
So this helps us a lot with composability
and really gives us a lot of flexibility
of building those kind of LLM applications.
It also have document loaders which help us load
different types of data sources,
for example, our Notion database, some PDF files,
our emails, and thousands of more data sources.
And when we load them, we get a single interface
of a LangChain document, which makes it super easy
to process this data before we streamline it to our LLM.
And another important part of LangChain
is its entire support for the agent ecosystem.
So if you want to build an application which is a gentech,
so to leverage the reasoning capabilities of an LLM
to equip it with tools that it can invoke,
like searching in the internet, querying a database,
or sending an email, basically giving your LLM superpowers,
giving us the ability of implementing some complex logic,
then all of this we can easily integrate
and implement with LangChain
with abstractions of tools, of agent executor,
and LangGraph implementations,
and a lot of cool new concepts
and terminologies that we're all going
to cover elaborately in this course.
Now, don't be afraid of this code snippet.
I promise you, by the end of the first couple of sections,
you'll be competent to create some agentic applications.
So this was just the tip of the iceberg
of what LangChain offers when it comes
for developing an LLM-based application.
It has much more features
and we're going to cover a lot of them in this course,
and we're going to cover them in depth,
including diving into their implementation.
We're going to cover the entire LangChain ecosystem
in stack, and we'll talk about bringing LLM applications
to production, which will involve tracing and monitoring,
which we're going to leverage in this course.
LangSmith, a super convenient tool for debugging
and tracing LLM applications.
So in this course,
we'll be building a real-world AI-based application
that is going to introduce us with all the concepts,
with all the terminology we need to know
when it comes to LangChain.
And at the end, we'll be able
to build ourselves some new applications.


=== -------- [Layer 2] Raw Function Calling -------- (3/4) ===


--- What are we building? LangChain Hello World Chain ---

Hey there, Eden here.
And in this section we're going to be writing our first link chain, chain.
So this is going to be a very simple chain.
It's going to be the link chain.
Hello world where we're going to take information about Elon Musk.
And we're going to send it into an LLM, which is going to summarize this information.
And it's going to generate some cool facts about Elon Musk.
They call this section is to learn by doing.
And I will be introducing the basic link chain constructs that we'll be using in the course in this
section.
So we'll be learning about prompt templates, about prompts, about chat models, about chains, about
debugging and tracing LLM applications.
I will be using OpenAI's GPT five for this section, but you can use any first tier LLM that you want
like Google's Gemini or Anthropic lot.
And in this section I will also be showing how to use llama to run open weights model locally in our
machine, and we'll be running Gma3 by Google.
So I hope you will enjoy the link chain.
Hello world and let's go to the code.


=== ----- [Layer 3] The ReAct Prompt: The Foundation of Function Calling ----- (4/4) ===


--- Project Setup ---

Hey there.
Eden here.
And in this video we're going to be bootstrapping our environment for the project.
So it's going to be a bit long around 15 minutes.
And it's not going to be interesting because let's face it, bootstrapping a Python environment is not
that interesting.
We'll be cloning the course repository.
We will create a new branch that will be working in.
We'll be using UV as our package manager.
We'll install some dependencies, configure the API keys for the LLM.
We're going to be talking to defining environment variables.
And by the end of this video we'll have our environment ready to write our first link chain chain.
So let's go to the code.
So this is the course's GitHub repository.
And I'll be linking it in the video's resources.
And you can also find it in the introduction section.
And all the code that we'll be writing can be accessed via this repository.
So I will be linking the exact commit code of every video.
So you can have the exact code as I'm having in running.
All right.
So let's go now and set up our environment.
And the first thing I want to do is to clone this repository.
So I'm going to go and copy here this link here.
And let me open my terminal.
Let me go now and CD into my desktop.
And here I'll be cloning the code.
And let's now write git clone and paste here the URL.
And now that it's done we can see into the directory which is called link chain course.
And let me open my IDE from here.
And I'm going to be using cursor for the next couple of videos.
But you can use any IDE that you want.
You can use PyCharm.
You can use VSCode.
Hey you can even use vim if you're really, really brave.
The IDE that we'll be using doesn't really matter.
Will be using basic functionality of Ides.
So to run code to debug it.
And that's pretty much it.
And the funny fact is that I actually recorded this course when cursor did not exist, and I used PyCharm
for most of the videos.
All right.
So let me open now the terminal from the IDE.
And I want now to create a new branch which is going to be called Hello World branch.
And this branch is going to hold all the code for the next couple of videos where we're going to introduce
link chain.
So I'm going to go and write git checkout dash dash orphan.
And I'm going to call this branch project Slash Hello World.
So when I do that I'm going to be in a new branch.
You can see it right over here on the bottom left here.
And the dash dash orphan creates a branch with no commit history.
So it's going to start completely new without any commits from the existing repository.
Now notice that by the time you'll be cloning the repository, this branch will already exist.
So you might want to call this with a new name.
Maybe.
Hello world one.
All right.
Let me just write git dash rf from this directory to remove all the files that we have to really start
with no files at all.
So you can see we don't have any code.
We don't have any commits.
We are in a clean slate right now.
All right.
So let me write UV dash dash help.
And UV is a very fast Python package manager just like pip.
But it's much faster because it's built on rust and it handles installing and resolving and running
dependencies very, very efficiently.
And it's also going to help us manage our isolated environments with our dependencies.
So we'll only be using the basic features of UV.
And we'll be installing packages and managing our virtual environments.
By the way, you can also use poetry or Pipenv or any other Python package manager you would like.
And all we'll be doing in the course is installing packages and creating virtual environments, and
running the code there with the packages.
So nothing too fancy here.
And in fact, we'll be using poetry and we'll be using BPMN through the entire course in some projects.
All right.
So let's go and enter UV Just to make sure that we have you've installed.
Let me go up here in the logs.
And yeah, you can see it's installed in my machine here.
So we can see here the manual.
And if you don't get this kind of output simply write Pip3 install UV and you should have it installed
in your machine.
So I already have it installed so it's not going to do anything.
All right.
So let's go now and initialize our project.
And let's go and write UV init.
And it's going to bootstrap a new Python project.
And it's going to create some skeleton for our project.
So it's going to create our main.py file with some boilerplate code, some hello world code.
And it's going to create a Pyproject.toml file which is going to have the list of packages we have installed
in our project.
So right now this is a clean project.
So we don't have anything installed.
So let me go and write UV add and let's go and add link chain.
And this is going to install link chain in our system.
And notice that it also created here a folder.
So it also now created the virtual environment for our project.
And the package is now installed in this virtual environment.
So let me go and click this play button here.
And now notice that we're running the code here.
So you can see here this print hello from LinkedIn course.
And you can see that it's run from the virtual environment you see here LinkedIn course under those
parentheses.
So this means that it runs within this virtual environment.
All right let me also add the link chain open AI package which is the link chain integration package
for open AI.
And it's a separate Python package that is going to contain all the open AI specific integrations for
the link chain ecosystem and the reason why we are installing it independently, and it's not being
bundled into the package itself, is because Link Chain decided to split providers, which are third
party services, to link chain to different and independent packages where all the vendors maintain
their own packages because we don't really want to download 100 providers if we only want to use OpenAI
or anthropic or whatever service provider that we want to.
Now, historically, the packages were actually bundled in the original package, but in one of their
releases, they split everything into integration packages, which design wise makes a ton of sense,
because right now every provider is going to maintain its own package.
And if it's going to add new models or new features, it's going to maintain it independently from the
other providers.
So we have everything nicely decoupled.
All right.
Let me click enter.
And now we have this package installed.
Let me also add Python env which is going to help us load the environment variables from env files,
which is going to be very easy to load all the API keys that we're going to be using in the course.
And if you're not familiar with it, don't worry, I'll be showing it very, very shortly.
Shorty and let me also install black, and I sought simply to format nicely the code here and there.
All right, let me click enter.
So we installed all the packages and let me show you the pyproject.toml file here.
And we can see here all the packages that we have installed and all of their versions.
And we have all the details here.
And of course when you'll be running this code yourself, you're going to have different and newer versions
of all those packages.
And I will be updating the code and on GitHub and the videos themselves in case the API changes.
But the code you should see should match the latest version of Linkchain.
And if it's not the case, then please let me know and I will fix this ASAP.
I refilmed this course like 3 or 4 times, so I'm really used to it.
All right, let me create a.
Gitignore file.
Because there's a ton of things that we do not want to commit to the repository for example API keys
or the Venv directory.
So let me paste here a standard.
Gitignore file for Python projects.
So let me go now to my browser and let me look for Python.
Gitignore a file.
Let me go.
And yeah let me check this project here.
Let me go now and copy the content here.
And by the way when you create a new GitHub project you have an option to generate these.
Gitignore file automatically.
But anyways let me just simply go and let me paste the content in my gitignore file.
Alrighty.
So now we can see that the venv directory is grayed out.
So we're not going to commit it.
And we're not going to track it with git.
And now let's go and create a dot env file.
And this file is going to hold all of our environment variables and all of our API keys.
So now I want to fill in the OpenAI API key.
And it's really, really important to note that you do not want to share your API keys.
Do not share them with anyone.
It's like a password and do not, of course, commit it to GitHub and the API keys, which I'm going
to show you in the course, are all going to be revoked once I finish filming this video.
So you do not want your API key to be leaked, because we have malicious people in the world which scan
those kinds of files and those kinds of variables on GitHub automatically, and once they do find it,
they go and abuse it.
And you do not want to find yourself being charged with lots of money because your API key got leaked,
or you accidentally committed it into a GitHub repository.
And again, it's very important to note that I will be using OpenAI.
I will also in the following video will show you how to use open source models with llama, and you
can use any LLM that you want.
You can use anthropic.
You can use Gemini.
You can use any LLM that you want.
I also made a video, which is going to be in this section, which is going to tell for each project
which LMS can be used for that project.
All right.
So let me search for OpenAI API key and let me go now to platform openai.com.
Let me go and create an API key and let me call it link chain of course.
And let me go and copy it and let me go and paste it.
Now this is going to be working for me because I have already set up my OpenAI account and put credit
card information, and I've already set up a budget that I'm going to limit my usage, which is also,
by the way, a good practice to limit your usage and consumptions of APIs.
So even if your API does get leaked, then you won't be maxing out the limit that you put.
And a quick disclaimer OpenAI is not free, so you would need to purchase some credits beforehand.
I will be showing you the free alternative to run open source models on our machines.
Um, but this is going to be in the next video, not in this one.
And in this video and in general in the course I will be using OpenAI.
And you can use again any LLM that you want if you have free alternatives.
Now it's important to note that if you're not going to have a credit card with OpenAI, then you will
be encountering this 4 to 9 error, which is not going to let you use their API.
And another thing is that the name here, OpenAI API key is very important.
So the name should be the exact name, as you can see, because link chain is going to be looking for
this exact environment variable when it's going to try making requests to the OpenAI API to get responses
from their llms.
By the way, if you want to use the Google API key, let me go and look for a Google AI studio.
And here you can go and generate and create an API key.
Let me just go and select a project.
So it's going to be associated with it.
and let me go and create now an API key.
So this API key can be used for Google's models.
So Gemini.
So you need to write Google API key in case you want to use Gemini from the Google AI studio.
And for that you'll need to install the link chain Google JNI integration.
But I won't be showing that in the course.
And in case you want to use open source models running from your local machine, you can install the
link chain Dash Olama package.
And I will be showing how to use link chain Olama in this section.
All right let's go now and import from dot env the load dot env function.
And when we call it it will go and look for a dot env file.
And then it's going to take all the environment variables there.
And it's going to load their values into our environment.
So now after we run this, we can actually access those environment variables, the OpenAI API key that
we configured.
Let's see that this is indeed the case.
So let me go and import the OS module so we can access the environment variable.
And let me go and print here OS dot environment dot get.
And here we want to get the OpenAI API key.
So let's go and run it.
And you can see now the value of my API key.
And you should see your value here.
So this means we can access the API key from our code and from our environment.
And everything looks okey dokey right now.
And we can continue and finally start writing our first link chain chain.
So let me just remove this code from here.
Let me run black to format the code nicely.
Let me also run Eishort just in case.
Alright, so now let's go and commit this code.
So this boilerplate here.
So let me go and add all of those files.
Let me write git add.
And now let's commit the code and let me call the commit environment setup.
So let me push it and let me go copy this command and push it to the remote repository.
All right.
And let me show you where you can find the code.
So you can go to the repo and look for the branch which is called oops.
Let me refresh the page here and you can look for the branch which is called Hello World.
And right over here let's go to the commit list over here.
And here is the first commit environment setup.
And here you can find all of the code that we wrote here.
And of course this will be linked in the videos resource where you can have direct access to this link.
And yeah.
So now we can go and finally start writing our first link chain chain.


=== Function Calling ===


--- LangChain Fundamentals: Prompt Templates, ChatModels, and Chains ---

Let me first import the prompt template class.
What are prompt templates?
Well, large language models receive as input something which is called a prompt.
What is a prompt is simply text input that we give the LLM and the LLM processes it and returns us an
output.
Now, if you want to learn the formal definition of prompt and what elements it comprised of, then
feel free to check out this video where I elaborately break down all the elements of a prompt formally.
Okay, that's pretty straightforward.
However, when we're dealing with programmatic access to the LLM, then we might want to take a prompt
and to give it parameters.
So one time I want to run this prompt where the product is cat food.
The other time where the product is purchase.
And for the last time, let's say I want to run it where the product is a piano.
Okay.
So for each different prompt I will get different output because the input was different.
So this is the first abstraction that blockchain is introducing us.
It's a prompt template and it's simply a wrapper class around a prompt.
So it adds functionality to prompt to receive an input.
For example, we can run this prompt now many times with different inputs.
And the gist of it is that it simply helps us format things into strings, which are eventually being
sent to llms.
It also provides a lot more functionality than that which we are going to explore and check out in the
course.
Cool.
So let's now import the chat OpenAI class, which is a chat model and a wrapper over the OpenAI API.
The chat model object is often going to be our primary interface for interacting with large language
models.
And it is a standard way that LinkedIn help us to talk to those llms like GPT four.
Anthropic lad, Google, Gemini, and even open source models like Llama by Facebook via O llama.
So historically, many Llms just took a single string of text as an input and returned as a single string
of text.
However, modern llms are designed for conversation and interaction between a user, so they work best
when we provide them with a list of messages representing the dialogue and the history, and they return
us a message back.
And this is the core of the chat model interface.
The input is going to be a list of structured messages like a system instruction, user questions or
AI responses.
And the output is going to be an AI message representing the response of the large language model.
However, chat model objects are very powerful and beyond generating human like text, they have very
cool capabilities which a lot of them will be using in the course.
And if you're curious about those capabilities, you can check out this video in the glossary section.
But don't worry about it too much because we will be covering this hands on in the course.
All right, let's go back to the code.
And one of the best habits you can develop as a developer is to look inside the actual source code of
the frameworks you're working with, and in this case Linkchain.
And exploring the implementations directly is a great way to really understand what's going on behind
the scenes.
And we're going to be doing a lot of this in the course.
So let me just show you how to do it.
So I'm simply going to click command and on the class name.
And then we can see the implementation of the class.
Let's do the same for chat OpenAI.
And here we can check out all the documentation, which is hardcoded in the source code itself and the
functionality itself.
But we're not going to cover this right now.
This is a very high level overview.
And of course, I'm not expecting you to know the inside implementation of all of those classes and
objects.
We're here to write our first link chain chain.
And a link chain chain is a workflow that connects multiple components in linked chain together.
In a sequence where the output of one step becomes the input of the next step.
And just to give you a bit more detail here, each step can be an LM call, a prompt, a plate data
transformation or tool call, and we'll get to tool calls.
Don't worry about it.
And it can even be another chain.
And a chain Let us go beyond just making a single LLM prompt in response.
So, for example, instead of asking a model one big question, we might want to format the user query
into a structured prompt.
We want to send this prompt to the LLM.
Then we want to parse the llms output into some structured data, and then use this data to call to
an external API and feed the API response into another LLM prompt.
And with this composition idea, we can build some very advanced tech here.
And this is why LinkedIn became so popular and so widely adopted and used, because it was the first
framework that really allowed us to do those really complex things and to build on top of those llms
some very cool stuff like agents, and we'll be diving very deep into agents, so don't worry about
it.


=== The GIST of RAG- Embeddings, Vector Databases and, & Retrieval ===


--- Building a LangChain Chain to Summarize Text ---

Let's define a variable called information.
And let me put some placeholders here.
And here we want to put here some text about Elon Musk.
So let me go to Google and let me search Elon Musk.
And let me take the information from Wikipedia.
So let me just copy here.
Let's copy here this text only the first part.
And let me paste it here.
So right here we have some information about Elon Musk.
And this information here we want to eventually propagate to the LM.
We want to do that through a prompt template.
And for that let's write a template first.
So it's going to be this template over here given the information.
And right now we have curly brackets information about a person I want you to create a short summary
into interesting facts about them.
So from this string here you can probably guess that this information placeholder here, it's not going
to stay.
It's going to be substituted by the information variable.
We have defined a couple of lines earlier with the Elon Musk information, but it's going to be filled
in runtime.
And if we want we can do this programmatically.
And we're going to do this with the prompt template object of LinkedIn.
And we initialize an object of prompt templates.
And we initialize it with the template.
So this is the summary template that we wrote before.
And then we give it input variables which is going to be a list containing the keys of what we're going
to be filling and plugging in in runtime.
And this should match the placeholders between the curly brackets that we have in our template here.
Now this is very much reminding us of an F string.
And you might be thinking, why do we need all of this?
And why don't we just use f strings instead?
And this is because the prompt template is going to enforce that.
We supply exactly the variables that we expect, and if we forget an input or misspell it, we get clean
air instead sending us the broken prompt.
It's also going to give us reusability and more clarity, because those prompts can become reusable
in another link chain chain if we want to.
And it's a first class citizen in link chain.
So this means it's going to get logged, it's going to get traced.
And we'll be showing this very very soon.
And overall it's going to make our life debugging much more easier.
And it's going to also be safer against prompt injection because it can enforce strict formatting and
structure.
And this is very powerful, especially when we're going to be using output parsers.
And I know I'm talking a lot of things right now and a lot of buzzwords.
And don't worry, you'll understand everything by the end of this course.
But just to conclude, if strings tend to encourage just jamming the text here, which is fine, but
if you want our code to be more reliable, we really want to use those prompt templates.
All right, let's now create a OpenAI chat model.
And I'm going to call it LLM.
And this is the way we're going to interact with the OpenAI model GPT five.
And this is what eventually is going to make the API calls to OpenAI to send the text and the prompts
and to get back the response from Dlrm.
And who's going to pay for all those API calls?
And I remind you that in the previous video, we created an API key in OpenAI, which is connected to
our account with our payment information configured.
And the API key is stored in an environment variable, which is called OpenAI API key, which is loaded
into the runtime.
Now LinkedIn is going to search for this environment variable and is going to use this as credentials
to talk with OpenAI API.
And I give you an exercise.
Maybe if you want, you can check out the source code of the chat OpenAI model and see where it happens
there.
And we initialize the chat model with temperature equals to zero.
And temperature will control how random or creatives versus strict and deterministic.
The model response is going to be.
So low values between 0 and 0.3 is going to make the response deterministic, factual and probably repeatable.
And it's good for summarization, for code, for instructions, for test and high values like above
0.8 until one.
It's going to get us very creative results.
And it's good for poetry and fiction and out of the box ideas.
And if you're interested about how temperature works, then feel free to check out the theoretical section
where I explain this.
All right.
Let's go back to the code.
And the second argument that we give is going to be model equals to GPT five.
And now we're going to have a link chain chat.
OpenAI object which eats under the hood, is going to be using the OpenAI SDK to make API calls to OpenAI
with our API key.
And now we can go and create our first chain.
And we have the variable chain which is going to be summary prompt template the pipe operator.
And then ln.
So let me break down what's happening over here.
And we're using something which is called the link chain expression language or LCL.
And in this LCL syntax we create a chain by composing two components a prompt template and a large language
model.
Now the prompt template is going to come from the variable summary prompt template.
And this is going to format input variables.
And in this case information into a prompt string which will eventually be propagated to the LM, and
the LM variable is a chat open AI object, which takes in an input a prompt string and generates a text
response.
Now, this pipe operator in an expression language is going to create a new runnable chain.
So this is a new term runnable by connecting the output of the left component as an input to the right
component.
So summary prompt template pipe lm means that we first want to format the input using the prompt template,
and then to pass the resulting prompt string into the LM to generate the response.
So the resulting chain is called a runnable object.
So this means we can invoke it.
Use the invoke method with some input variables matching the prompt template.
And here in this case it's going to be information.
Now I know this is a lot to digest and to be honest, the LinkedIn expression language.
I think this is the hardest thing to comprehend in LinkedIn.
So if you don't understand what's happening here right from the first time, this is totally okay.
We are going to dive deep into this and see the implementation itself, and we're going to have many
examples during the course.
And at this point of the course, I'm not expecting you to know every bit and byte of it.
So we just need to know from a very high level that we read these from left to right.
And here we are plugging in the result of formatting the prompt template into the LM.
So when do we run this.
So we do this using the invoke method that the runnable interface has.
So what's going to happen here is that when we run change dot invoke we actually going to invoke the
invoke method of the summary prompt template which is a class of prompt template.
And when we invoke it, we're going to give it the input of the information key to be holding the information
value.
And in this case it's going to be the Elon Musk information.
So once we do that then we're going to create a prompt value, which is sort of like a fancy word of
saying a string.
And that string is going to be piped to the LM method.
And this pipe is actually some very clever way to go and call the LM invoke method, which it has with
the input to be the prompt value.
So the final prompt that we want to send to the LM.
So this is just a clever way to chain everything up together and hence the name of link chain.
So eventually when we're going to run this code we are going to take this string that you see right
over here.
We're going to plug in the information of Elon Musk.
And this string is what is going to be sent eventually to the LM.
Right.
So I know it sounded at the beginning very, very complicated.
But actually what it's doing is quite simple.
And in the next video we're also going to be tracing this and see the exact objects and debugging it.
So don't worry, you will understand this.
And I think this is the hardest concept to comprehend in length chain and the length chain expression
language.
And it is totally okay that you do not understand it by now.
And just a fun fact, even implementing and understanding how agents work is going to be much easier
than understanding this piping operator in the chain expression language.
All right, so just to summarize the code here, all you need to understand is that we're taking the
variable of information.
We're plugging it in to this string over here.
And we're dynamically going to put the value of the information about Elon Musk.
And this is the string that we're going to be sending eventually to the LLM and get a response to it.
Right.
So this is everything you need to know from this video.
You can forget about gene expression language.
You can forget about everything.
As long as you understand this, this is okay.
And we can continue.
All right.
So let me go now and finally run this code and let's see what results do we get.
And I'm going to fast forward it a bit because we're going to use GPT four.
And GPT five is a bit slow LLM it's very capable but it's very slow.
So let me go fast forward it.
And at the end we're going to print response dot content, which is going to be the final string that
the LLM returns.
So we'll be debugging and we'll be tracing all of this in the next video.
So let's just wait to see the output.
All right so we can see now the short summary.
And we can see now two interesting facts on Elon Musk.
So this looks great.
And now you can read it in your own time.
And in the next video we're going to be debugging this.
We're going to be examining the objects.
And we are going to be tracing it with Lindsmith.
And it should clarify everything that we discussed now.


=== Building a documentation assistant (Embeddings, VectorDBs, Retrieval, Memory) ===


--- Debugging and Tracing Our LangChain Chain ---

All right.
So now let's go and let's debug it.
And let's examine some objects here so we can get a better understanding.
So I'm going to put a breakpoint and run it in debug mode.
And let me fast forward everything until we hit this breakpoint here.
Let's go and check out the response.
And the response is of type a message.
And a message is a simple wrapper class on what the LM is going to return us, and it's going to be
located in the field of content.
So in content here you can see that we have here the answer that the LM generated.
Now I message is containing a lot more information like tool calling like how much tokens did we consume.
Like how much did it cost.
And all of those things.
However, we're not going to review all of these features right now.
If you want, you can check out the messages video I made where I elaborately go and discuss all the
message types in link chain.
All right, so let's go and just poke around the I message object.
So what we can also find here is that here we can see that the type here is I.
And we can also go and check out the response metadata which we're going to have some information about.
Which model did we use.
What was the finish reason for the LM and will be elaborating a lot about this when we're talking about
agents, and we can get the number of tokens we consumed, and a lot of metadata that is useful for
debugging and for monitoring and analyzing.


=== Prompt Engineering Theory ===


--- Using Local Open-Weights Models with LangChain and Ollama ---

Hey there Eden here.
And in this video, we're going to switch from using OpenAI GPT five to use an open weights model.
Gemma three by Google.
Running locally on our machine using Olama.
Now this is one of the chain's strength, and this is one of the reasons it became so popular when it
came out, because it gives us the ability to interchangeably change the models, the llms that we're
using.
And I like to say that we can switch llms in length chain, like we can switch our socks.
And the process is very simple.
And it really boils down to one line of code that we need to change with the relevant client that we
need to initialize within LinkedIn.
So the beautiful thing here is that the interface for the entire code stays the same.
All we need to do is change the chat model that we're using.
And in this video I'll be showing you the option of hosting the OpenAI model yourself in your machine.
And there are also cloud based providers like grok, for example, where we can access those kinds of
models from the cloud by generating an API key and creating the relevant client.
So let's go to the code.
But before we go and change our link chain code, we need to make sure that Allama is installed in our
machine and that we downloaded Gma3 into our local system here.
So let me go and show you how to do that.
So in Allama let's go and click download and let's go and download for Mac OS.
Of course you should download for your own operating system.
Now, once it finishes downloading it, I'm going to go and install it as I do any software on Mac.
And if you're on windows, simply go with the installation wizard.
And let me go and drag it to the application folder.
And I'm going to replace this because I already have this installed and it's installed right now.
So let me go and open up Allama.
I'm going to write in terminal Allama and we can see now the CLI here and in the available commands.
The gist of it is that we can pull models by writing Allama pull and then the model full name.
And if we want to go and try it in the terminal and talk to that model.
We can use serve on the model we just put.
So let me go now to Olama to the model section here.
And here for example, we can see the new GPT OS.
And we can see now the size of each variant of this model.
How many parameters does it have.
And this is a very good model, which is going to be more than enough for this course.
And it's going to support also function calling and agentic tasks that we're going to also be doing
in this course.
So I also recommend you doing it.
However, I am not going to download it because look at the size is simply massive and I can't fit it
in my computer.
So we can take a look at Gemma three for example, which offers lighter alternatives.
We have many variants of many sizes we can choose from, and for this demo I'm going to choose the 270
million parameters because this is going to be the lightest and fastest.
So let me copy here the full name and let me go to Olama and right here Olama list, which we can see
all the downloaded models which we don't have anything right now.
And now let's write all llama pull and we want to pull that a model.
So we want to give here the full name.
And now we can see we're downloading it.
So let me just fast forward this download for a bit.
And we can see it's finished downloading it.
Now let's write all llama list.
And we can see now the new model that we downloaded.
And let me now open the llama manual with all llama.
And I want to use the run command.
So all I'm a run and the name of the model.
And now it's going to spin up an instance where we can talk to this model.
So it's going to be a CLI interface.
So it's going to fire it up.
Let's go and wait for a second and let me write here.
Hello for example.
And we can see right back the answer.
Hello how can I help you today.
So this is us using it with Ola.
So now we want to use the Linkchain Ola integration to use this local running open weights model.
Gemma three 270 million parameters and we want to use it with our code.
So we want to create an LM variable here.
And let's go and let me paste here this line.
And it's going to be an object of the class Chet Olama where the temperature is going to be zero and
the model is going to be Gemma, 270 million parameters.
And I remind you, we already have this model in our machine.
Now we need to import the Chet Alabama object.
So let's go now to the top of the file where all of our imports.
And let me go and import from LinkedIn Olama.
We already have it installed and we want to import the Chet Olama package.
That's it.
Let's go and run it.
We can see we got here to this breakpoint and we can see now the response.
Notice how fast it was to run it because it's running locally on our machine.
And this is a super light model.
Now if we'll examine also the response we can see we have the summary of Elon Musk.
But we don't have a different section on separate section on the interesting facts.
So while this model was super fast, we can see it really didn't follow everything we asked it to do.
And this is the trade off when using open weights models, which are lite models in a faster and cheaper.
The quality of the answer that we got is probably going to be lower than the first tier models.
Cool.
So we saw how easy it is to switch a model in link chain.
If you want to use instead of OpenAI or Google Gemini and open weights model for this course, you can
do that and I highly recommend you will be using GPT OSS, because this is a model with deep reasoning.
It supports function calling and it's suited for agentic workloads, which we're going to be implementing
in this course.


=== Let's Talk About LLM Applications In Production ===


--- Integrating LangSmith for LangChain Application Tracing ---

Hi there Eden here.
And in this video we're going to be integrating lengths tracing into our application.
So we're going to configure lengths.
And we're going to review all of the traces of the chains we invoked.
So let's go to the code.
Alrighty.
So let me go now to my browser and let me search for Link Smith.
And let me go now and click this link here and let me sign up.
So I already have an account here.
So I don't need to sign up.
And you can simply sign up yourself.
It's very, very easy.
You might need to put some credit cards.
However, you do get a very nice free tier, which is going to be more than enough for this course.
So here in this dashboard we can see we have a button set up tracing.
And let me go and click that.
And the steps to do it are pretty straightforward.
We first need to install link chain which we already have.
We need to generate an API key.
And this is the first step.
We'll click this button later and we'll get API key.
And then we need to set some environment variables.
We need to set up the links with tracing to be true.
And we have the link Smith underscore endpoint environment variable which the default points to the
US endpoint.
So if you're in the US like I am in this video then you do not need to set this environment variable.
However, if you are outside the US then you need to set up this environment variable to point to the
EU region.
So it's going to be the same URL, but you're going to have this EU prefix in the beginning.
Now if you're outside the US, it's very important for you to set up this environment variable.
Because if you won't do it, you'll be getting an authentication error when trying to run the code.
When link is going to try and trace your application, we need to supply the link Smith API key and
we need to give it the Link Smith project.
So the Link Smith project is a string that we're going to create.
And that string is going to be the project, which is going to be holding all of our traces within the
length of its platform, and we'll simply call that Hello World.
And after we do that, all we need to do is to use the regular Lang chain objects and we will get out
of the box tracing.
So let's go and let's do all of those steps.
So let me go now and click to generate an API key.
Let me copy it.
And now let me go back now to my env file with all of my environment variables.
And here I'm going to fill up those values.
And my links with tracing environment variables is going to be true.
And notice I didn't write here any quotation marks.
So it should work without them.
I put my links with API key and don't worry, it's going to be revoked very, very soon after I finish
this video.
And now we have Link Smith's project, which is going to be Hello World.
And that's it.
This is the entire Link Smith integration.
So now when we're going to go and run our chains we're going to automatically out of the box.
Trace them.
So let's go now to the main.py file.
And now let me run it again.
So it's running in debug.
So let me continue the run.
And after it finished running let's go now to length Smith.
Let's refresh the page.
And we can see now our new project hello world.
And here we have a runnable sequence run.
And here we can see our execution of what we ran.
We can see this is a runnable sequence.
We can see here our call to chat Olama to Jama three.
Here we can see this is the input as a human message.
And the output we got is as an AI message.
And on the right side we can see the start time.
End time.
How much did it take to get the first token which is very important for some application.
The status, whether this request was a success or not, and the total amount of tokens that were used
in this chain.
And if we want, we can totally customize this and add here tags so we'll be able to filter it later.
Alrighty.
So now I want to focus on this thing over here.
And here we can see the link chain objects.
Now this runnable sequence over here is comprised of first using the prompt template.
So to format the string and then to take the output of the prompt value and to plug it in to chat and
send it.
So this is what we see right here.
All right.
So let's go back to the code and let's go and use GPT five here.
So let me comment out this line here and let me uncomment the line from before.
All right.
Let me go and run this again.
This time let me simply run the Python file.
Now this is going to take longer because we're using GPT five.
So let me go now and fast forward it.
We can see we got a result.
So let's go now to let me refresh it.
And now we can see our second run.
This time it took 16 seconds here.
And you can see on the left side that we use GPT five here.
All right let me go.
Now back to the previous view of all of the traces.
And in this view we can see all of the traces.
And we can filter for only calls for all the runs.
We can filter here by tag.
We get here some stats like error rates like the median tokens like the P90 and P50.
And I genuinely think that Smith is one of the best, if not the best trading platform from LM based
applications, and we are really going to see the value of it in future videos where we're going to
be implementing agents, where it's going to be super convenient and super natural to check out our
agent execution.
Alrighty, so the traces I showed you in the video, I'm also going to link them in the videos resources.
And yes, you can share traces.
You can make them public and get a shareable link.
So that's what I'm going to do.
And let's go now to the code and let's go and commit everything.
And I will show you where you can find everything we did now in this section.
All right.
So let me go.
And right in the terminal git status to see all the files that we changed.
And let me add main.py file.
Let me go and create a new commit.
And let me call it hello World Chain.
And I'm going to push it to the repo.
Now let me go to the repository.
And here let's take a look at the branched projects that shallow worked.
Let's go to the commits.
And here we have the commit of everything we just wrote.
We'll also be sharing a direct link to this in the videos.
Resources.


=== -------------------Introduction To LangGraph ------------------- ===


--- Semantic Versioning in LangChain ---

Let's talk about long chain versions.
So this course is compatible with version 1.0.2 which is currently the latest version.
So depending on when you will take this course you might have a different version.
You can check out the version in your UV lock file.
So this is my UV lock file with my link chain version.
And it's also attached in the courses repository.
And you can see that the version is 1.0.2.
When we ran the UV add link chain command, we installed the latest version of link chain available
at that moment.
Now mostly in minor changes.
Then there will be no compatible issues.
So they are versions with bug fixes, maybe some new functionality, but nothing that would break your
code that was written in prior versions.
So let's say you'll be taking the course, let's say one month from now, then probably will be in version
1.0.7 or something like that.
So everything should be fine because there were only patches added to the chain version.
And what I am referring to right now is semantic versioning.
And if there are breaking changes, I update this course in order to match it.
So if there are any incompatibilities, please ping me in the discord channel and I will be happy to
address issues.
But overall in this course, what you see in the videos should match.
Link chains latest version.


=== Reflection Agent ===


--- What are AI Agents? A High-Level Overview ---

They're eating here.
And in this video we're going to talk about the definition and what are agents.
AI agents.
Now if you're going to ask two different people what are AI agents.
You're going to get ten different answers.
So within those ten different answers, they all have some common grounds.
And this is what I'm going to cover in this video.
And I'm going to give you my $0.02 and how I view agents.
It's pretty aligned with the LinkedIn ecosystem.
An agent is a software system that uses Llms as a reasoning engine to decide what actions to take,
and then execute those actions.
So unlike simple chains in renewables, where the sequence of actions are hard coded agents dynamically
determined which tools or steps need to be taken to solve a specific task, or to answer specific questions.
The important thing to note here is that the LLM in an agent is deciding what to do next.
Where?
In chains.
We might use an LLM, maybe to summarize something or to generate some text.
However, we as developers, we define the entire control flow.
We defined what is going to happen next.
And the LLM is maybe used in one of those steps, but it's not deciding what to do next.
So this is the main difference between an agent and a regular chain.
Now the core manifestation of agents in the real world is the example of taking an LLM and equipping
it with tools so we can give it, maybe a tool to make an API call, to do a search, to read from a
database, or to simply write and execute some code.
And this means that we can basically give our llms superpowers to do anything, because we can connect
them to do anything with agents.
And every time I think about this idea, it's simply mind blowing because we know how powerful large
language models.
If we give them tools and ability to do stuff, then we're going to see lots of innovation, a lot of
complex stuff we couldn't do before, and we can automate a lot of stuff that we couldn't because now
we have this LLM, which is a powerful tool which is going to mimic a human right.
So let's talk in a very high level.
What is a react agent.
And it's a specific type of an agent architecture that follows the react paradigm.
Now the name react comes from reasoning in acting.
And this was a paper, um, that was published and was really the stepping stone of implementing agents.
And in this approach, we combine the reasoning power of llms to think through the problem with chain
of thought prompting, and I cover both of them in the theoretical section.
So if you want, I elaborate on them.
And after the LLM reasons about the problem, it Who decides what we need to do?
Right.
So he decides about the acting.
And then we simply go and do what the Lord tells us to do.
So we take those actions.
Now those actions are going to be manifested through tools.
What are tools?
The gist of it is that there are the abilities that we give the LMS, and they can be making an API
call, calling a database, or simply running some Python code that we wrote beforehand because it's
functions that we pre-write before running everything.
Then we have the freedom to to really write anything we want, and we can equip our LM with any capability
that we want to.
Now this is going to happen in an iterative loop until the task is complete.
And link chain and link graph provides us with pre-built react agents that we can create and customize
easily.
And these agents can invoke tools.
They can handle complex workflows and maintain state over long running tasks.
Okay, now I know I was really waving my hands in this video.
I didn't show you anything concrete.
I didn't show you any code or any demo.
This was really an intro to the intro.
Okay, so in the next video I will show you a demo of a search agent examples.
And in this section we're going to be implementing this search agent with Link chain.
Now we're going to be implementing via the react architecture which is the most important architecture
in agents.
And it's the basis for everything.
And in this section we are simply going to learn the interface.
So how do we equip our LM with tools.
This is the entire goal of this section.
Just how to do it with link chain.
And in the section afterwards we're going to see really how it's built under the hood.
And we're really going to understand every bits and bytes of this.
Now this is super interesting and this is the most important topic in LM development applications in
my opinion.


=== Reflexion Agent ===


--- What are we building? AI Job Search Agent ---

Hey there Eden here.
And in this video I'll be showing you what we're going to be building in this section.
And we'll be implementing a search agent, which is an agent which has searching capabilities.
So let's start with a quick demo.
So I'm in ChatGPT right now.
Let's now go and click the plus button.
And here we can go and select Web Search.
Now when we do this we provide ChatGPT with web search capabilities.
And if our query will require a web search it will go and use this tool, get the results, chew it
up and then return us the response grounded in the search results.
So let's try with this query.
Search for three job postings for an AI engineer using LinkedIn in the Bay area on LinkedIn and lists
their details.
Let's now send this query to ChatGPT and we'll follow along to see what it's going to do.
So you can see right now that now it's going to search the web.
And we can see we have some LinkedIn icons.
So this is some cool generative UI which we're going to discuss in the course.
So the application is reflecting what the agent is doing.
And it's now going to output the response.
And we can see that for each position we get we have here also a URL which is going to be where this
answer came from.
So we can see here this a engineering position for example which is hiring.
Now let's go and check out another position.
And here we can see we have a link chain index rag.
We have this description in the title.
Let's go and check the last one here.
And yeah here we can see generative AI Software Engineer.
Let's go and search here for link chain or.
Yeah.
So we can see we have here link chain.
And this looks like indeed like a solid job positioning.
Alrighty.
So again we can see we have now the summary.
And we have here the next steps.
And the important thing to note here is that for each response here we had the source.
Now this source, this grounding actually is very important to create the trust between the user and
the system.
Because if we only had the answers, then we couldn't decide as the users of this application whether
they're trustworthy or not.
And we know that Llms can hallucinate, they can generate a lot of garbage.
So when we have those sources URLs, we can go, we can check them, we can browse them, we can cross-check
what is returned from the LLM.
And that is indeed grounded in the source that it's used.
And we can even decide if we want to trust this source or not.
So this is a quick preview for something which is called generative UI, which we're going to discuss
in this course as well.
But the important thing to note here is the searching capabilities.
Large language models by themselves.
They are simply text in, text out.
Or if they're multimodal, they can accept also images and videos and audios and even produce them.
But the important thing to note is that they don't have real time information.
They're static in time because they're trained on a large corpus.
And if you're interested about that, feel free to check out the theory section where I discuss this.
But in general, they don't have access to the internet.
And if you want to give them this kind of access or access to external capabilities, we need to provide
them with tools.
And this is what we're going to do in this section.
So this section is going to be using learning agents for the first time.
And an interesting story is that when I created this course around 2022, ChatGPT and all the other
chat applications, they didn't have built in search.
And today all of those chat applications have built in search, and it's very useful and it's quite
a standard right now.
However, back in the day, this was not the case.
And it's interesting to see how those chat applications evolved.
So in this section we'll be implementing with Linkchain a search engine which is an LLM that's going
to have access to the exact same kind of search that we're seeing right now in this demo.


=== Agentic RAG ===


--- The Evolution of LangChain ReAct Agents ---

The react agent pattern has undergone significant evolution since it was introduced in LinkedIn back
in November of 2022, and initially, the Lang chain react agent relied purely on react prompting,
where the model would reason about the actions and observations in a text based format.
And as the LM landscape evolved with the native function calling feature capabilities of large language
models, this architecture transitioned into tool calling agents, which leveraged the structured function
calling instead of prompt based tool selection.
And this made tool execution more reliable and more efficient.
Now the next major leap came with the react agent, which maintained function calling but rebuilt the
agent on top of the graph's low level orchestration framework, providing with durable execution, persistence
ability and fine grained control needed for production grade applications.
Replications, and in the long chain version 1.0 linked Chain introduced the create agent function,
which provides a clean, high level interface while being powered with the battle tested Landgraf React
agent under the hood, and in this course, we'll walk through each one of these agent iterations.
Hands on.
Starting from the latest and greatest create agent function.
Moving back to the original OG react implementation in progressively build up towards the modern V1
agent architecture.
So you can understand not just how to use these agents, but how they actually work underneath the hood,
what each iteration improved and it will give you a very strong intuition when implementing production
grade agents.
Now, I know I mentioned tool calling and Landgraf and we haven't really discussed any of this.
We'll have plenty of time to do that.
And we'll be diving very, very deep into each one of those iterations and into each one of those agents
and each one of those topics like tool calling, like line graph.
And the only thing you need to remember from this video is that we're going to be iterating through
agent implementations until we get to a final agent implementation, which is robust and production
ready.
We're going to be starting with the latest create agent function.
And in this section we are going to learn how to use this function and how to create modern link chain
agents.
And now because learning about agents can be a bit overwhelming.
So what I decided to do is teach you in this section just the interface.
So how to create and how to get started really, really quick.
And in the sections afterward, we're going to be diving one layer deeper and understand how those agents
originated.
What is this magic of agents, how it's happening under the hood?
A lot of very cool and important things that every engineer must know.
And I promise you, it's going to be very cool.


=== -----------------Introduction to Model Context Protocol (MCP)------------------- ===


--- Setting Up the Environment for a LangChain Search Agent ---

Okay, so I checked out this branch which is called project slash react search agent.
And just a quick note if you want to check out the code for this section, check out this branch over
here.
And for technical reasons, I committed the code to this branch over here and not the branch on the
bottom left here.
Alright, let's start by initializing our Python project.
Let's write UV init.
And now let's go install the dependencies.
Let's add link chain.
We want to use link chain OpenAI.
And we discussed those packages in previous videos.
So now we want to add a new package which is called link Chain.
And Tivoli is a third party which is going to help us connect our agent to the web and give the agent
searching capabilities so it will act as a search engine for our agent.
And it also has other very useful APIs like Tivoli Crawl, Tivoli Map, Tivoli Extract, which are very
useful services for AI agents.
And we'll be using those capabilities in direct section of the course, so we'll cover them as well.
And by the way, today is actually the most popular choice for integrating a web search into an agent.
And they're even featured in the official documentation as the default service for a search engine when
implementing agents.
So they really did go to example.
And I think the reason for that is that they first of all have an excellent API.
It scales very well.
It's very easy to use.
And I think they were actually the first ones to go and integrate this.
So to connect an agent A with searching capabilities.
Now it's also important to note that they have a very generous free tier.
And you can see it's 1000 API requests per month, which is going to be more than enough for this course.
All right.
Let me just show you a quick demo of the capabilities that we can integrate with it.
So in the API playground let me write a query like what are the latest anthropic models.
And we can see in the response we get here the URL of the source.
We also get the content you can see here.
It's talking about Cloud Outpost 4.1.
And in this search result it talks about Cloud Ops and site four.
And the search can be much more advanced.
We can have some special filtering and advanced capabilities.
However in this section we're only going to stick with the basics.
All right so that's enough about me.
And I'm going to link to in the videos resources.
Alrighty.
Let's go back to the code here.
And link chain Tavileh is the Tavileh link chain integration.
And here the provider is Tavileh in contrast to open AI in the previous example.
So a provider of link chain doesn't have to be a vendor which offers large language models.
It can also be a vendor which offer services that are exposed via API's and clients.
So in this case Tavileh is going to expose their services, their searching capabilities, their scraping
capabilities, and the link chain integration here is going to make our lives very, very easy when
we want to integrate those capabilities into our link chain link graph applications here, because the
team they wrote now, this integration, they connected to all the link chain objects, which we're
going to use.
And I'll give you a quick hint.
It's going to be link chain tools.
And this is another example of a link chain provider.
And I also forgot to add please also install Python.
And this is the original SDK which we are going to also be using in order to show you something very
very important.
All right let's go and also install Python dot env to load environment variables like we did before.
And let me also install black insert for some formatting.
And uh yeah let's go and install everything.
So let me go and click enter.
We can check out the packages in the Pyproject.toml file over here.
And if you want the exact packages we can check out the UV dot log.
And let's go to our main.py file.
The boilerplate code.
Let's try it.
And let's run this code and make sure that it's working.
All right.
So we can see it's working.
And now let me show you what I have in my env file.
So like in the previous section I have my open API key I have Lang Smith.
Tracing equals true.
So we want to trace everything and we want to check out the traces I have here my link Smith API key.
Like previous sections I have my Lang Smith project which I changed in code search agent.
And I also have here a API key which I got from the UI.
All right, let me show you how you can get it.
You simply need to go to Tavileh to log in.
Let me now go and log with Google.
And right here I have my environment.
You can see all my API keys.
Let me go and generate an API key.
For example I'm using the free plan.
By the way.
Let me go and click here this plus button Now let's name the API key.
Let's call it API key.
I'm going to limit my monthly usage.
And yeah let's hit create.
And here you can simply go you can check out you can review the API key.
You can copy it.
And this is the value that you should put in your um dot env file.
So let me go back now to the env file.
And it's also important to note that the name of the environment variable needs to be underscore API
key, because that's where link chain is going to be looking for the credentials to authenticate to
the services.
So it's working very similarly to the OpenAI API key here, where it's going to look for that API key
in the environment variables.
Alrighty, let's go now to our main.py file.
And let's start with the imports.
And first let's go and let's load all the environment variables from the env file like we did in the
previous video.
So let's import the load function.
And I want to call it in the beginning of the file here.


=== Using a Pre-built Server (mcpdoc) with AI Clients (Cursor & Claude) ===


--- Creating Your First LangChain Agent: Tools and LLMs ---

And now we want to import the create agent function from LinkedIn.
Now, in order to create an agent, we need to give the agent two minimal things.
The first one is going to be tools, and the second is going to be an LM, which is going to be the
reasoning engine.
So let's go and import the tool decorator from LinkedIn.
Let's go and import from LinkedIn core.
I want to import human message.
And we're going to be using human message to invoke the agent.
So this is going to be the input for the agent execution.
And lastly let's go and import from OpenAI chat OpenAI.
And this is going to supply for our agent our LM that we're going to be using.
All right so now is a good point to introduce blockchain tools and tools for the agent and tools for
an LLM.
And let's go and clarify this topic.
All right.
So a tool is a function that an agent can execute.
It can be any function that we want.
So we can write the internal implementation of that function.
So this means we can give our agent endless possibilities of actions it can perform.
So we can make it call an API to search in a database to run and execute code.
We have total flexibility.
What this tool can do.
And once we write this tool, we can plug it into the agent and boom!
Like magic, the agent has the ability to go and execute this tool.
And creating a tool is actually very, very simple.
All we need to do is to implement a function, a regular Python function with type hints and with some
docstrings.
So we'll have some description of what this function does, what arguments does it receive and what
output does it output.
We then use the tool decorator by link chain.
This transforms this regular Python function into a tool which can be plugged in into an agent.
Now I want to emphasize a couple of things.
Now the type hinting the arguments, names and the docstrings of the function are very, very important
because underneath the hood.
And trust me, we'll be learning exactly how this works in later in this course.
But underneath the hood, the large language model is going to use this description and the arguments
type hints.
And it's going to be using that in order to choose whether to call this tool or not, and with which
arguments and state of the art models these days support this functionality using something which is
called function calling, which we will be elaborating a lot on this course.
Now, the gist of function calling is that instead of LMS just returning text or pictures or videos,
they can also return a special response, which is a function that needs to be invoked in case it decides
to.
And this is an extra capability that an LM can provide us.
And we are going to be treating this like a black box right now.
So we're not going to be diving deep into this.
We have plenty of time to do this in the course.
All right.
So back to the code.
We are going to implement a search agent.
So it's going to have a search tool.
And the search tool is going to receive a query.
It's going to search it in the internet.
And then it's going to output the response.
Right.
So this is the Python signature of the tool we're going to be writing.
So this is a custom tool that we're going to be writing here.
And let me write here a very simple implementation.
Let's simply here print the query and let's return the string.
Tokyo weather is sunny right now.
This is a static function.
It doesn't really search over the internet, it simply returns the string.
Tokyo weather is sunny.
This is what this function is doing.
Of course, we'll be writing the real implementation in this video.
So let's go now and add to this function the doc strings.
And here I have a description that this is a tool that searches over the internet.
The argument is query and it returns the search result.
So this is not the best description right now but it will suffice for this example.
In general, the rule of thumb is that we want to make this description as explicit and unambiguous
as possible.
So the LLM would really have an easy time to decide whether to call this tool or not.
All right.
So this is now a regular Python function if we want to convert it into a tool.
Let's go and decorate it with the tool decorator of chain.
And this is going to convert this Python function into a link chain tool.
Now what is exactly a link chain tool.
This is still not clear at this point of time.
Trust me, we'll get into that later.
But what chain is going to do is going to take all this metadata of the tool, name the arguments that
they take the description and it's going to format it nicely, and it's going to help us plug this metadata
and this information to an LLM call.
This is what is going to be doing under the hood.
Don't worry.
We're going to soon see this.
All right.
So assume now we have now an object which we can inject to our agent.
And it can suddenly has a certain capability.
So let's go and create that agent.
And for that let's go and create an instance of the LLM.
And I'll initialize a chat OpenAI object.
And let me now create a list of tools.
So it's going to be a list containing the search tool here.
And let's go now and create the agent.
So let's define a variable.
We'll call this variable agent.
We're going to give it as an input our model.
So our LM and we're going to provide it with the list of tools which is a list with a single item which
has the search tool.
Boom.
That's it.
We have now an agent ready to go, ready to run with a search capability.
Right.
So it has an LM.
It has a list of tools which contains only one tool, which is the search tool that is allegedly supposed
to do some online search, but currently it's only going to return us.
Tokyo weather is sunny here, so let's go and try to run a certain query with the agent right now.
All right.
So this agent is actually a runnable.
So let me write a result variable and let's go.
Right agent dot invoke.
And in order to run the agent, we need to give it a dictionary with the messages field.
And the messages field should be a list of messages for the agent which is going to contain the input.
So this is the user's query.
So here under messages I'm going to be sending the human message alongside with the content of what's
the weather in Tokyo.
Now notice here that the key here is messages.
But I did not provide here a list of messages.
I just provided one message, one human message, not inside the list.
And this is okay because link chain under the hood is going to cast this into a list containing a single
element of a human message.
So this is why it should still be working.
If you want, you can put here this inside of a list.
So let me go now and print here the result.


=== Building MCP Servers and Clients with LangChain ===


--- From Query to Answer: How a LangChain Agent Thinks ---

And let's go and run this so we can see the print from the beginning.
And we can see also the print inside the search function, the search tool.
And we can see that the query that was actually sent is called weather in Tokyo.
And now we get the response.
We have tons of things in here in the response.
So by the end of this course we'll know most of them.
What do they mean.
And let me go and let me run this in debug mode so we can see this more nicely.
And we can figure out what's the actual output of the agent here.
So all right so let me put a breakpoint here and if I'll check out the results variable.
So it's a dictionary containing the key of messages.
Here the first message is going to be the input.
So you can see it's a human message with the content of what is the weather in Tokyo.
And the answer is in the last message, and we can see it's labeled as an AI message, where it says
that the weather in Tokyo is currently sunny.
Now, what's in between?
We have here an AI message and a message.
And those are actually what is the agent is doing in order to get this answer.
So right now it is sort of like magic.
But in this video you'll have a better understanding how this is working.
And by the end of this section and the next section, you'll know exactly how this is working and there
will be no magic.
Okay, so trust me on this.
Cool.
So let me now open links and let's see the trace of this agent execution.
And let's dive a bit deeper of what's happening here.
Now you can see now that the title here of this execution is called Land Graph.
And this is because underneath the hood in the internals, it's going to be executing via the graph
framework.
Do not worry about this I promise we will be covering this in the course we open now the first call.
So it's called here chat open AI.
And by the way something interesting that the default model for link chain currently and this is was
filmed on November 7th, 2025.
So the current A model is GPT 3.5 and not GPT five.
So this is just something interesting right.
So let's analyze this LLM code.
So here we can see the input to the LLM call.
And we sent a message of what is the weather in Tokyo.
Now when long chain made the LLM call.
It also sent to the LLM information about which tools does it has access to.
And it can call.
And if you open this model you'll see all the information about the tool that we defined earlier.
Now if you've noticed my terminology, I said that we send to the LLM the list of tools and I said LLM.
And I did not say agent because right now we are in the granularity of the LM with the LM call here.
So we equip it now our LM with a tool that it can choose.
And with the query of what is the weather in Tokyo, it decided that it needs to invoke the search tool
with the query weather in Tokyo.
And we have here some kind of tool calling ID here.
So notice here the LM response is not.
The invocation of this tool is simply which tool to call and with which arguments here.
And it's going to do so with function calling.
And how does this work under the hood?
We are soon in this section.
And in the section later we're going to figure out.
Alright, so after the LM decided that it needs to call the search tool link chain then went and invoked
the search tool with the query Weather in Tokyo.
And this we can see right over here.
And we can see that the response of these tools execution is Tokyo, weather is sunny and this is the
static string that we defined in our Python function earlier.
So we went and it ran this function with the argument of weather in Tokyo.
So let's recap what happened up until now.
So the LM decided which tool to call with which arguments.
Then link chain went in ran this function with those arguments.
So something very interesting is happening right now.
And let me give you a quick preview of what's to come.
So we have here a reasoning engine that decides which tool to call and with which arguments.
And we have here now an agent execution runtime which actually goes in execute and run those tools and
gets the output.
Now link chain is going to be making another LM call, but this time it's going to contain the input.
It's going to contain the LM decision to call the search tool, and it's going to contain the answer
after executing the search tool.
So the LLM should have a very easy time now generating the answer, because it has all the information
it needs.
And we can see here that the answer is that the weather in Tokyo is currently sunny right now.
Remember that I told you that now all of those messages are going to be making more sense.
The first message was the input.
The second message was the AI's decision to call the search tool, and with which arguments link chain
went and executed that tool.
And then the result of this tool is structured here in this tool message object.
And the tool message is simply a data structure to represent a result of a tool execution.
And in this case the result of executing the search tool.
And finally link chain went and made another LLM call with the input with the decision of the LLM to
execute the search tool with the search tool a result.
So the tool execution results.
And then the final answer is that the weather in Tokyo is sunny.
And also notice that the final LM call did not choose to execute a tool, but it chose to return an
answer because it had all the information it needed.
All right, let me go back to the code now and let me change the model to be GPT five and let me run
it again.
Now notice this time it's going to run a bit slower, because GPT five is a slower model than GPT 3.5
turbo.
And we got a result.
Let me go now and show you the trace now of the latest run.
And it's very similar.
Just notice here there is a difference because the model name now is going to be GPT five.
And let's go now back to the code.
And let's go and add more meat here.
Now to this search agent.


=== Useful tools when developing LLM Applications ===


--- Integrating Real-World Search with Tavily and LangChain Tools ---

So I want to add here some real world searching over the internet.
So I'm going to import from Tavileh, the Tavileh client.
So let me now go and initialize this Tavileh client.
So I'm simply going to create a variable called Tavileh.
And I'm going to initialize the client.
And this client when it's going to initialize and it's going to be looking for an environment variable
called Tavileh API key.
So this is where we put in our dot env file the API key.
So everything should be working right now.
So let me now instead of returning the Tokyo weather is sunny, let's go and run the actual search query
and let's return the results.
We'll be doing it with Tavileh.
Search and search need to receive an argument called query and query.
Here is going to be equal to our query, which is the input to our search function.
Amazing.
So let's go and run it now.
And it's going to have now a real searching capability.
So we'll just wait for it to finish.
We can see now it's searching over the web.
And once we have an answer, we'll head up to Lenox-smith to review again the traces.
So everything now should be very similar.
But if we go now to the search execution here, we can see that instead of returning a static string
here, we're actually going to output some real information of the weather in Tokyo.
And this is an example of a search made.
And it got the information from the weather API.
And here you can see all the information of the weather.
So it also provided us with other results and other answers.
So it provided us with the top results here.
And if we want we can control this parameter of how many results you get.
And if I go to the last LM response here, we can see now we get a different answer, which is a much
more elaborate answer here, which is grounded on real time information, which we got through research.
All right.
So now let's go and let me change now the query to be what I showed you in the demo.
So now let's have a look and let's see if we can get some job openings for link chain professionals.
So let me go back to the code here.
And here in the message I'm going to tell the agent that I want to search for three job postings for
an AI engineer in chain in the Bay area in LinkedIn, and to list all of their details here.
And don't worry about this prompt if you'll check out the repo in the videos resources, you can simply
copy and paste it.
Anyways, let me go now and let's go and run this.
And we can learn from this log over here that we are running now.
LinkedIn is running the search tool here.
It's running it five times with five different queries.
So the first query is to look inside LinkedIn.com slash jobs looking for LinkedIn, Bay area, San Francisco
San Jose AI engineer.
So we have multiple search queries here.
All right.
We got now a result.
We can see now here in that it finished.
We can see here a it's all printed out.
Not very nicely.
So let's go and open it.
And let's check out the trace.
And now we can see our input our query.
And notice that in the output of the LLM in the AI response here we get multiple tool calls.
So the AI decides to call multiple tool calls.
And it's going to execute them in parallel.
So this is because function calling in GPT five supports multiple function calling and will be elaborating
it later in the course.
This is an example of one tool call.
This is an example of another tool call.
And we have here a five tool course.
And the final request to the MLM contains all the tool calls and all their answers.
And let me go here and down.
And let's see the final answer of the LM.
And here we got the answer.
So and we got here all of the job postings on LinkedIn and the URL to LinkedIn.
Notice that some of them are no longer accepting candidates.
But this is the final response here of the LM.
All right.
I want to go back to the code now.
And I want to discuss now a best practice when using LinkedIn.
So in our example we wrote a custom tool and used the SDK inside that tool.
However, this will require us as the developers to know every bit and byte and to know how the SDK
is working.
And in fact I do not know exactly all the internals of the SDK so heavily because it has a LinkedIn
integration.
The team, they wrote a package link chain which takes the SDK and wraps it as a chain tool.
And you can trust you should trust the vendor, in this case the team, to write a much better description,
much better arguments, and they can do a far better job writing the link chain tools than we do here.
So what I'm going to do right now, I'm going to remove the custom tool, and I'm going to use the built
in Tavileh search tool that the Tavileh team wrote.
So let me add link chain Tavileh just to make sure I have this package installed.
And let me now remove all of these search tool.
We do not need it.
Also the Tavileh client.
And let's instead of this import let's right from link chain underscore tavileh let's go and import.
It's called Tavileh search and Tavileh search.
Let's go and check out the implementation is a base tool here.
So it's a link chain tool.
So let me go back now.
And because this is already a tool all I need to do is to initialize this object.
I won't be sending it any custom arguments.
So let's go now and run it again.
And I'm going to fast forward this because it may take some time.
And let me go back now to link and let's check out this trace.
So notice here that the name of the tool here is called underscore search.
And this is how Tavileh named their tool.
And our name was search.
And you can compare it with the previous trace.
And let's go and check out an example of an execution here.
And we can see here we have the query like we had before, but we have here some extra arguments that
the LM decided to make with the tool call.
So those are arguments that I didn't know about.
So they are include domains linkedin.com.
So this is probably going to say to to really to only get results from LinkedIn.com.
And it has an extra argument which is called search depth which is advanced.
And I will be explaining this further in the course because we'll be seeing much more examples with
David.
What is this argument here?
But the point I want to show you here is that we are getting a much more elaborate tool calls here.
And while the answer is very similar to what we executed before, however, it's a bit more accurate
now because the agent was able to make much more specific tool calls, which should ground the answer
in better sources.
All right, let me go now and let me bring back the implementation with our custom tool here, and let
me push everything to the repository and I will be linking everything in the videos resources.
All right.
So let me go now and add everything into git.
And let me now see all the files here.
So let me now commit everything.
Let me right in the message intro to search agents and let me push it.
Sorry.
Let me set the upstream and let me push it again.
All right let's go back to the repo and you can find everything.
If you go to the branches it should be called project slash search agent.
You can see it right over here.
And let me now show you here the commit.
And let's go check out the main file.
And everything you can see it's right over here.


=== Deep Agents ===


--- Structured Output with LangChain Agents Using Pydantic ---

Hey there Eden here.
And in this video we're going to be discussing structured output.
So most of the time when we're going to be building agents and AI applications, we are going to be
using lens and lens respond in text.
Now if we want to take this text and we want to create a structure to it, and we want to downstream
it into an application, maybe to serialize it, maybe to render it in the user interface, then we
need to have structured output.
So we don't just want text, we want maybe a JSON object or maybe a Pydantic object that we can go and
we can downstream to our application and we can programmatically parse and work with.
And this is what we're going to be doing in this video.
And LinkedIn provides us a very easy way to do this with the create agent function.
We need to simply add an argument which is called response format.
And we're going to provide to this argument the schema that we want.
It may be a JSON schema.
It may be a Pydantic object.
And then magically the response that the agent is going to output us, is going to adhere to that scheme
or to that data object.
So in this video, we're going to be creating a Pydantic object, and we're going to be creating a nested
Pydantic object just to add a bit of complexity to what we're building.
So the Pydantic object is going to be our agent response.
And it's going to be the answer of the agent.
So this is going to be one field.
And it's also going to have a sources field which is going to be a list of sources Pydantic object as
well, which is going to represent the URL where the agent took the answer from.
So this is going to be where the agent grounded its answer from.
And I want to remind you that in this video we're just reviewing interface.
So we're going to see how we can use it.
And to use the technology.
And in the next section we're going to see how this is implemented under the hood.
So let's go to the code.
Let me go and import from typing the list type int.
And I also want to import from pedantic.
The base model class and the field class.
And for those of you who are not familiar with pedantic, pedantic base model is going to give us a
base class so we can inherit from in order to define a structured data scheme.
So it's going to provide functionality like data parsing and serialization and automatic type validations.
And the field class is going to allow us to add metadata to our models attribute.
So we can add descriptions, which is going to be helpful for the Llms to understand what to put in
that field.
All right.
So let me now go and create my pedantic object.
And I want to start by writing an object to describe the sources that the agent use to get the answers.
So I'm going to define a new class and I'm going to call it source.
It's going to inherit from the pedantic base model.
And let me write here in the description.
Scheme for a source used by the agent.
So now let me go and define the field.
Let's call this field URL.
And it's going to be a string.
And here I'm going to use the field class.
And I can add here a description.
And here in the description I'm going to write the URL of the source.
So the point of this class here is to represent the source of the answer.
Now I want this source pedantic class to be a nested field in another pedantic class, which is going
to be called agent response.
So agent response is going to have a an answer, and it's going to have a list of a sources.
All right.
So let's go and create this agent response class.
So I'm going to write class agent response.
And it's going to also inherit from base model.
And let's go and add the description for this class.
So this is going to be the scheme for the agent response.
So it's going to have an answer and it's going to have the sources.
So let me now add the attribute of an answer which is going to be a string.
And let me write in the description that this is going to be the agent's answer to the query.
I have a typo here, but don't worry, the LLM can handle it easily.
So the second attribute of this class is going to be the sources.
So let me write here sources.
And sources is going to be a list.
And it's going to be a list of source.
Now let me create a field class.
And here let me write that the default factory is going to be list.
And this will make that when we create an agent response class.
If we don't provide the sources, then the sources attribute is going to be populated with an empty
list.
And let's add the description here.
And here is going to be the list of sources used to generate the answer.
Alrighty.
So now we want our agent to not return us a string like we saw before, but we want our agent to return
us an agent response object so we can then downstream it into an application.
Maybe we want to serialize it and then return it in a response from a server.
And then we want to render this response in the front end.
So we want our agent to return this data structure.
And to do that all we need to do is add to the create agent function the argument of response format.
And we want the response format to be the agent response class that we created earlier.
And that's it.
It's going to work like magic.
And the agent response now is going to be of type agent response here.
So it's going to have all the fields that we requested.
And this is going to work really really well.
And we can downstream it into an application.
Okay.
So let's go and run it now.
And let me show you how it's going to be looking like.
So I'm going to run it in debug mode.
And I'm going to put a breakpoint right before we print it.
And let me fast forward it a bit.
And now in the result we have now a new key here which is called structured response here.
And the type of structured response is going to be agent response.
So it's going to have the answer field and it's going to have the sources field which is going to be
a list of sources.
Right.
So let me go now to the debug console and let me show you this in another eye.
So let's get the type of results in the key of Structured response.
So it's going to be agent response class.
So let me go and print it.
So let's go and sorry.
Let's go and print this um this variable here.
So now we can see all the information we have here the answer field.
So let's go check this out.
And this is the answer.
And let's go and check out the sources so we can see the sources is a list.
So let's go and check one element of the list.
Let's go to that URL.
Let's open it.
We can see this is a job application which is not actually accepting candidates.
But still it's looking for link chain developers.
So this is how to use the response format argument in the link chain agent.
So it's going to return us a structured response here.
Right.
So right now this works like a black box, so we do not know how it's working under the hood.
We are going to figure this out in the next section.
So right now I want to open the trace and show you how it's going to look there.
So let me go and open blacksmith and let me go to the last trace here.
And we can see.
Let me go to the very bottom here to the last, last result here.
So we can see we have this additional field.
We have a structured response.
So it's going to have the answer field.
And this is going to contain the answer.
And then we're going to have the sources field which is going to be a list of source objects.
And each object has the URL field which is going to contain the LinkedIn URL for the job posting.
Okay.
So very similar to what we saw in the debugger.
So now we're seeing it in the trace.
Now how is this working under the hood?
I'm going to give you a quick hint.
It's going to be using function calling.
But more on this on the next couple of sections.


=== Deep Agents Skills ===


--- [THEORY] Predictable Agent Responses with LangChain Structured Output ---

1
Hey there, Ethan here.
2
And I want in this video
3
to dive a bit deeper about the implementation
4
of structured output.
5
So as we saw in the course,
6
structured output allows agents
7
to return data in specific, predictable format.
8
So instead of getting a raw-text answer,
9
we can get a Pydantic object,
10
we can get a JSON response,
11
or a dataclass,
12
and something which is downstreamable to our application
13
so we can use later.
14
Now, we saw how we can use it
15
in the create a agent function, right?
16
Now, there are a bunch of implementations
17
to structured output.
18
So using structured output
19
has two different types of implementation.
20
The first one is tool strategy,
21
which is going to use tool calling under the hood,
22
and the second is called provider strategy.
23
And this is going to be using
24
the native model structured output capabilities.
25
Now, LangChain is going to choose by default
26
to use the provider strategy,
27
unless we specify otherwise.
28
So let's start talking about the provider strategy.
29
So most top-tier models,
30
they offer support for structured output natively.
31
So this means we can use their own APIs
32
and use a structured output argument,
33
and they're going to do all the heavy loading
34
and they're going to make the response
35
be in the format that we want.
36
And we can see that it's going to receive
37
a bunch of schema types.
38
So it can be a Pydantic model, a dataclass,
39
a TypedDict and JSON scheme.
40
We can see it right over here all the examples.
41
This is for a Pydantic model,
42
this is for a dataclass,
43
this is for a TypedDict,
44
and this is for a JOSN scheme.
45
And by default,
46
if the model we're going to be using in the create agent
47
is going to support structured output,
48
then LangChain is going to be using that,
49
because by doing it,
50
they're shifting all of the responsibility
51
to the model provider
52
to return us a good answer.
53
And this basically means that if we get a wrong answer,
54
(laughing) we can talk to the vendor and not LangChain.
55
Now, some models do not offer this structured output API.
56
In case the model and all of the top-tier models
57
supports tool calling,
58
we have a workaround to do it,
59
and this is actually how everything evolved.
60
So we can actually use tool calling
61
and LangChain under the hood
62
uses tool calling
63
with the schema of the object we want
64
in providing one single tool to the LLM
65
and saying to the LLM
66
they always need to choose that tool.
67
And by doing that,
68
we are forcing the LLM
69
to enforce the schema that we send it.
70
So this is a nice workaround
71
to get structured output here.
72
So LangChain now implement this for us.
73
And in this case,
74
it also supports all the Pydantic models,
75
dataclass, TypedDict and JSON scheme.


=== LangChain Glossary ===


--- Introduction to The Core Architecture of AI Agents: A Deep Dive ---

1
Hey there.
2
Ethan here
3
and in this video we're going to learn exactly
4
how agents are running under the hood.
5
We are going to take LangChain abstractions
6
and we're going to peel them layer after layer
7
and we are going to see what is all this agent magic
8
and by the end of this section,
9
I promise you, you'll know exactly
10
how agents are working under the hood
11
and you have the deepest understanding
12
you can have on AI agents.
13
So what we saw so far was layer zero.
14
So with layer zero we used
15
the LangChain create agent abstraction
16
where LangChain did everything
17
and we really didn't know what was happening.
18
We simply gave it the model,
19
we simply gave it the tools
20
and, boom, we had an agent that is able to go
21
and execute tools like the Tavily search tool.
22
And in this section we're going to peel layer after layer
23
until we'll see exactly what our AI agents
24
and how are they actually working.
25
So the first layer is to go and to implement an agent loop.
26
So this is going to be the while loop,
27
which is going to run continuously
28
until the agent has finished its job to do
29
and it's going to be leveraged function calling
30
and we are going to implement this part with LangChain.
31
So we're going to be using the LangChain abstractions
32
to save us a lot of boilerplate code.
33
We're going to be using tool,
34
buying tools, in chat model, tool message,
35
so those are going to make our lives easier,
36
so this version of the agent
37
is going to be using LangChain primitives.
38
And after we do that,
39
we're going to be peeling another layer
40
and we're going to see how each one
41
of those abstractions work
42
and what do they do and why do we need them.
43
So we're going to be implementing the same agent loop
44
with function calling,
45
however, we're going to implement everything the raw way.
46
We're not going to be using any framework
47
and we're going to be writing all of our JSON schemes.
48
So after we implement this version of the agent,
49
we're really going to see the value of LangChain
50
because we're going to see
51
what LangChain implemented for us
52
and we're going to see that LangChain
53
gives us one single interface
54
and the ability to switch between the models.
55
So this gives us full customizability ability
56
and full flexibility when implementing agents
57
and we want those flexibility
58
when we implement agency production
59
because if a new model comes,
60
we would want to have an easy way to go
61
and switch to it with making minimum changes to the code.
62
So after we'll implement this version of the agent,
63
we'll know exactly what is this agent loop
64
and it's time to peel one layer of abstraction
65
because we are going to learn
66
how function calling is working under the hood
67
and we're going to do so by implementing an agent
68
from scratch without even function calling,
69
with just something which is called a react prompt
70
and regular expressions and scratch pad
71
and this is going to give us the deepest understanding
72
because we're going to see how agents were implemented
73
when they first came out
74
and it's going to help us better understand
75
why every layer here of the abstraction is needed.
76
So this is going to give us the deepest understanding
77
of AI agents and this is the reason why
78
this is my favorite section of the course.
79
So I promise you by the end of these sections,
80
you have the fullest and deepest understanding of AI agents.
81
So when you'll go to implement your own agents,
82
you'll know exactly what's happening under the hood.
83
Now all of the code for this section
84
is going to be available on GitHub
85
and I will be linking it in the videos resources as well
86
and I highly recommend,
87
and I can't stress this enough,
88
that you're going to do this section hands-on.
89
So you're going to write the code
90
and you're going to run the code
91
and review the traces
92
and you do exactly as I do
93
because when you do this hands-on,
94
you'll see exactly all this magic
95
and it will give you the deepest understanding.
96
So I really recommend don't just watch it,
97
also try to do it hands on.
98
Now in this section, I will be using Ollama,
99
I will be using OpenWeights model like Quinn,
100
I'll also be using occasionally OpenAI,
101
but you can use any model you want
102
that is going to support function calling.
103
So that's pretty much it,
104
hope you'll enjoy this section,
105
and let's go to the.


=== Industry Insights: Building Production Agents with Assaf Elovic ===


--- What are we building? An E-Commerce Agent ---

1
So the theme for this section is going
2
to be an agent we're going to develop
3
for an e-commerce store.
4
Let's say this e-commerce store has hardware
5
like headphones, keyboards, and laptops.
6
It's selling and it's running promotion and discounts.
7
And we may have the bronze discount, the silver discount,
8
or the gold discount where each tier corresponds
9
to a different discount percentage.
10
So we want to write an agent that is able
11
to take a query from the user
12
and going to give it the price for an item
13
with the discount.
14
Okay?
15
So this is what we want our agent to do,
16
and it's going to be a very simple agent with two tools.
17
One tool in order to get the price of the item,
18
let's say the price of the computer, of the laptop.
19
And the other tool is going to be to get the discount amount
20
for the corresponding tier.
21
So let's say for the bronze discount, we want
22
to apply a 15% discount.
23
So this is overall the theme,
24
and this is what we want to implement.
25
Now, if we were to take this example
26
and to use it with the link chain abstraction,
27
then we would use the create agent function,
28
give you the LLM, and here in the tools,
29
simply provide the list of tools to get the price number,
30
to get the discount.
31
And this is what we should have done.
32
However, now we're going
33
to be implementing a very lean version of this.
34
This diagram illustrates what we're going to be implementing
35
and how our agent is going to be working.


=== Industry Insights: Building Production Agents with Roy Miara ===


--- [Theory] The Gist of ReACT ---

1
Hey there, Idan here, and in this video,
2
we're going to have a high-level overview of the agent loop.
3
Now, the agent loop is also referred to often
4
as the ReAct loop or reAct algorithm,
5
and I'm going to be using those terms interchangeably.
6
And in fact, this agent loop is the basis,
7
and this kind of algorithm is what's powering
8
the most state-of-the-art agents,
9
like Cloud Code, Gemini CLI, Codex, Devin.
10
And in fact, this algorithm is pretty simple,
11
but it's very powerful.
12
And just to give you a bit of history,
13
this algorithm first saw light in this research paper,
14
which is called ReAct,
15
Synerging Reasoning and Acting in Language Models.
16
And this is a joint research paper from Princeton University
17
and some Google research engineers.
18
And this paper, back in 2023,
19
is actually what laid down the foundation for every modern
20
agent we know today.
21
And by the way,
22
I covered this paper
23
in the prompt engineering theory section,
24
in case anybody is interested.
25
So, what you're seeing right now is a diagram
26
which fully describes the agent's algorithm.
27
And everything you see under this box over here
28
is going to be referred to as the agent's loop.
29
So, we first start with a user's query to the agent.
30
And after the agent finishes processing,
31
it's going to return the answer.
32
And in our case, and in our example,
33
the user's query is going to be,
34
what is the price of a laptop with the goal discount?
35
So, the agent is then going to process it
36
and hopefully return us the correct price.
37
After it's going to select the relevant tools
38
to get the price, this is the first tool,
39
and then the second tool to apply the discount on the price
40
of the laptop.
41
The first step of the agent,
42
of the agent loop, is referred to as thought.
43
And it's to take the user's query
44
and to decide which tool to execute or to return an answer
45
to the user if it has enough information.
46
And it's going to be doing this by the capabilities
47
of large language models.
48
So, it basically means
49
we are going to be sending a prompt to the LLM.
50
How does the prompt going to look like?
51
So, it's going to have a system message,
52
and the system message
53
is going to have some general information about the agent.
54
But the key part here is that we're going to also be sending
55
to the LLM information about all the tools
56
that it has information to,
57
and all the tools that the LLM can use in its disposal.
58
So, the LLM is going to be processing that,
59
and the output is going to be the next thing to execute.
60
The function to execute may be the tool call
61
or either to return an answer if it has enough information.
62
Now this dotted line you're seeing right now to output
63
the answer is going to happen only
64
if the LLM sees and decides
65
that it doesn't need to execute any tools.
66
Now how does the LLM actually decides which tool to call?
67
This is with the function calling features of LLMs.
68
These days, they're very, very good in doing so
69
and deciding to execute upon tools.
70
And exactly how this is working under the hood,
71
we're going to be covering in this section as well.
72
But the key part here to note
73
is that LLMs are very capable of doing so.
74
So after the LLM outputs,
75
it's going to give us which tool needs to run.
76
Now we're going to be taking this.
77
This is also referred to as action,
78
which action need to be executed.
79
We're going to then in our application,
80
we're going to take the agent's decision
81
and we're going to be running it
82
and we're going to be executing the tool.
83
And this is going to be happening in our application.
84
So, the LLM here simply is going to return us a string
85
of which function to call and with which arguments.
86
And we're going to take that
87
and we are going to be running it in our agent application.
88
Now the result of the tool is often going to be referred
89
to as an observation.
90
So, the thought process is going to look like this.
91
So, in our example,
92
the agent is going to decide that we need
93
to have a tool call
94
and we need to call the get product price tool
95
with the product to laptop.
96
So this is the output,
97
which is going to come from the LLM.
98
Now we're going to take this in our application
99
and we're going to be running this.
100
So, we're going to be actually going
101
and executing this code.
102
And the result of the tool,
103
which you can see right over here is often referred to
104
as an observation.
105
So up until now, our agent took the user's query.
106
It decided that it needs to call the tool.
107
We took this decision and we executed in our application
108
and we have a result.
109
So now we simply feed everything back in,
110
including all of this history back to the LLM.
111
So, the next prompt to the thought process here
112
to the LLM is going to contain all of the messages
113
we're seeing right now, including the history,
114
which is often referred to as the trackpad.
115
So, in the second iteration,
116
the agent has the questions of the user.
117
It has also the information about the product price.
118
So, now it can decide that it needs
119
to use the apply discount function.
120
So, in the second iteration of the agent,
121
we're sending the user's query and the trackpad
122
of what happened so far.
123
So, this was the information about the tool execution.
124
So, this is all in the agent context.
125
And now it has enough information to decide what to do.
126
And it's going to decide that we need to call now
127
the apply discount tool with the observation we had
128
from the previous iteration.
129
And it has this information
130
because we sent it in the prompt.
131
And then we take this decision and we execute it
132
in our application and we get another observation.
133
So, this is going to be now the final price of the product.
134
And in the third iteration of the agent,
135
we sent to the LLM in the reasoning process,
136
in the reasoning step, in the thought step,
137
we sent to the LLM this entire conversation,
138
this entire trackpad,
139
which is including which tools executed.
140
And it has the final answer here.
141
So in the third iteration,
142
the agent is going to have enough information
143
to decide that it does not need now to execute any tool
144
and it can return the answer.
145
And this is in a very high-level overview,
146
the agent algorithm.
147
It's basically a while loop that is going to prompt the LLM.
148
It's going to leverage the LLM's reasoning capabilities.
149
And it's going to take the reasoning of the agent,
150
which is going to be either a tool call to invoke
151
or either to return an answer.
152
And it's going to run in the application,
153
the tools or to return an answer for the user.
154
And the overall structure is a while loop that the LLM
155
is going to be breaking only if it decides
156
that it doesn't need to execute upon any tools.
157
And what you're seeing right here is the basis
158
for every famous autonomous agent you're familiar with.
159
And I know this video is pretty abstract right now.
160
However, in the next video,
161
we're going to be implementing it from ground up.
162
So everything in this algorithm is going to be clear
163
because we're going to be coding this from zero
164
without any abstractions.


=== Agent Security ===


--- Setup ---

1
Hey there, Ethan here, and in this video,
2
we're going to set up our environment
3
for this entire section.
4
And let's get started.
5
So the entire code for this section
6
is going to be available here in the branch
7
which is called project/agents-under-the-hood.
8
If I'm going to click it,
9
we can see right over here we have only one commit,
10
because this is the starting commit.
11
Let me go and click it.
12
And we can see we have hello start here
13
and this is the commit hash.
14
From here we want to go to our IDE
15
and we want to go and write git checkout -b
16
the name of the branch is project/agents-under-the-hood
17
and to paste in the commit hash.
18
Once I'm going to click enter,
19
we should go and be in this commit,
20
but right now I'm getting an error
21
because I'm already in this commit
22
and I'm already checked out to this code here.
23
All we have here is a .gitignore file.
24
All right, let's go and initialize our environment.
25
Let me write uv init
26
and let's me go and delete this main.py file.
27
We don't really need it.
28
And now we want to install the packages for these sections.
29
Write uv add and we want to install langchain,
30
we want to install langchain-ollama,
31
because we're going to be using open weights models
32
running locally in our machine.
33
So we want the LangChain Ollama integration.
34
Let's also install LangChain OpenAI,
35
because later in this section we'll be switching models.
36
You can use, by the way, any vendor you would like
37
as long as the models they have support function calling.
38
Let's go and install python-dotenv
39
to load environment variables.
40
Let's install Black and Isort for formatting.
41
And those are all the packages we'll be needing.
42
Click enter.
43
You can see right now it updated the pyproject.toml file
44
with all of the versions and all of the dependencies here.
45
And we have here a uv.lock file with the exact versions.
46
Let's go and create now a new file, we'll call it .env,
47
and here we want to paste in the environment variables
48
that we'll be using.
49
So let me paste in my environment variables
50
and this is my OpenAI API key.
51
Don't worry, it's going to be revoked
52
by the time you're seeing this video,
53
but this is to use OpenAI models.
54
We do not need for Ollama an API key
55
because everything is going to be running locally
56
in our machine.
57
Here we have the LangSmith API key.
58
This is going to be revoked as well.
59
So this is to enable the tracing on the LangSmith platform.
60
So we'll be able to see the runs of our agents,
61
so it's going to be very easy
62
to understand what is happening.
63
Let's define the LangSmith project
64
to be ReAct Under The Hood,
65
and let's go and enable LangSmith tracing.
66
Those are all the environments
67
we'll be needing for this section.
68
Let me save this, and now that we have that of the way,
69
let me go and commit everything.
70
Let me write git add, let me go git commit.
71
Env setup and let me go and push it.
72
Let me copy this and let's go to GitHub again.
73
Let's refresh here the commits,
74
and here we can see now our latest commit,
75
and here we can see some code over here.
76
All right, so now we want to go
77
and we want to download locally an open weight model
78
that we'll be using in this section.
79
And for that we're going to be using Ollama.
80
If I'm going to go to ollama.com,
81
here let's go and search for models we're going to be using.
82
I want to use for this section Qwen,
83
because Qwen is a lightweight model
84
which supports function calling,
85
which I really, really like.
86
But again, you can use any model you want
87
that supports function calling.
88
It doesn't have to be open weights,
89
you can use OpenAI, or Anthropic, or Gemini.
90
It doesn't really matter.
91
Here I'm going to go to Qwen three,
92
and here we can see a bunch of models that we can download
93
and we can see Qwen three is the latest generation
94
of large language models in Qwen series
95
offering comprehensive suite
96
of dense and mixtures of experts.
97
Here we can see they support tool calling.
98
And we have a bunch of variations for Qwen three.
99
I'm going to download the Qwen three 1.7 billion parameters,
100
which is going to weigh 1.4 gigabytes.
101
And this is because I tried earlier
102
the 0.6 billion parameters and it didn't work that well,
103
and I wanted something a bit more strong
104
and not that heavy as far as storage.
105
Let's copy again the name of the model.
106
Let me go to the terminal and let me write Ollama.
107
Here we can see all the available commands.
108
We have ollama list to list all the models
109
we have locally, ollama list.
110
Right now I don't have anything, you can see right here.
111
Let me write now ollama pull
112
and let me paste in this model over here.
113
Now it's going to download the model locally to my machine.
114
It's going to take a while depending on your internet speed.
115
It finished downloading it.
116
Let me go clear everything
117
and let me write ollama run
118
and let me paste the name of the model.
119
Now it's running it in the CLI.
120
Let me write, "Hi."
121
Let me write, "How are you doing?"
122
You can see it's working locally in my machine.
123
Let's exit.
124
Let's write /bye.
125
So now we want to run the Ollama server
126
so we can consume the open weights model
127
running locally in our machine in our Python application.
128
Let's write ollama serve.
129
And right now we can see that we ran the Ollama server.
130
Right now we can go and consume it
131
through our Python application.
132
Cool, so that's pretty much it for the setup.
133
So we should have right now Ollama running
134
with our local model,
135
and we have all the environment variables
136
and the dependencies installed.
137
And in the next video we are going to start
138
building the layers with layer number one.
139
And in this we're going to be implementing ourself
140
the agent loop.
141
It's going to be using function calling
142
and it's going to be using LangChain primitives.
143
See you in the next video.


=== The Dark Side of "Vibe Coding": Vulnerabilities in AI-Generated Apps ===


--- Writing Tools ---

1
All right, so let me go and create a new file
2
and I'm going to call this file,
3
"1_agent_loop_langchain_tool_calling."
4
Let's start with the imports.
5
So first, I want to import load_dotenv
6
to load the environment variables
7
from the dotenv file
8
and let's go and load them.
9
So let's import the init_chat_model function from LangChain
10
and the init_chat_model
11
is a very convenient utility function by LangChain,
12
which is going to help us initialize a LangChain chat model
13
with just a string.
14
So you can see here it receives an input, the model
15
and this is going to be a string
16
and here we can put, for example,
17
something like OpenAI, GPT-5.2 or 5.3
18
and it's going to initialize the relevant chat model.
19
All we need to do to use it is just to make sure
20
we have the provider package
21
LangChain integration installed.
22
For example, for OpenAI,
23
we need to make sure that langchain-openai is installed
24
and if we want to use Ollama,
25
we need to make sure langchain-ollama is installed.
26
And we installed both of these packages
27
in the environment setup video.
28
We can see, for example, here
29
that we can even write only the name of the model
30
and we can see which mapping
31
of provider they're going to automatically map.
32
For example, GPT o1, o3,
33
they are going to map to Open AI provider.
34
We have here DeepSeek is going to be DeepSeek,
35
Amazon Bedrock, Claude Anthropic.
36
So it's very, very convenient.
37
Now we have all the major model providers that support it
38
and we can use OpenAI, Anthropic,
39
and you'll see when we use it,
40
it's going to be very, very intuitive to use.
41
And this is one of LangChain's strengths
42
because it gives us flexibility to switch models like that.
43
And let's go and import tool from LangChain
44
and we're going to use it as a decorator
45
that is going to take our functions
46
and transform them into custom tools.
47
So this is also a very convenient function.
48
We want also to import the HumanMessage,
49
SystemMessage and ToolMessage.
50
And I remind you the ToolMessage
51
is going to be a message containing the tool result,
52
SystemMessage is a wrapper to implicate
53
that we're using a SystemMessage to the LLM
54
and HumanMessage is going to be
55
for when we use the user input.
56
And when it comes to those functions,
57
they give us the advantage of using one single interface
58
for all of the models.
59
So it's very, very convenient
60
in case you want to switch between models.
61
Let's go initialize MAX_ITERATIONS to be 10
62
to limit the number of agent execution runs,
63
and I chose 10 for non-specific reason.
64
I could have chosen any number above two
65
simply just to limit the run.
66
So 10 here is simply a heuristic.
67
Let's go and initialize a model variable
68
and I want to set it to qwen3:1.7b parameters.
69
So this is corresponding to the model that I downloaded
70
with Ollama and you can use any model you would like.
71
If you want to follow the video exactly as I do,
72
use Qwen as well.
73
Now let's go and let's define our LangChain tools.
74
We're going to be using the tool decorator
75
on a function that we're going to be writing.
76
One function, for example, is going to be get_product_price.
77
It's going to receive the product name as input
78
and it's going to return us a float,
79
which is the product price,
80
and this is going to help the agent to look for the price
81
of the given product in the catalog for our use case here
82
of our e-commerce agent.
83
And before we implement the function,
84
let me go and add here a nice print
85
that is going to print
86
that we're executing the get_product_price function
87
with this kind of input.
88
And this is to have a bit of visibility
89
once we run this function.
90
And for this example use case,
91
let me define a dictionary of prices
92
to have random values of prices.
93
For example, we have laptop, headphones,
94
keyboard and simply some random numbers here
95
to represent their price.
96
And from this function,
97
I want to return the price for the given product.
98
So I'm simply going to access in this dictionary
99
to this product and if there is a mismatch,
100
so we're trying to look for a product
101
that is not listed here,
102
I'm simply going to return zero.
103
So this function is very simple.
104
Let's go and continue.
105
Let's define another tool,
106
and this tool is going to be
107
to the apply_discount function.
108
So it's going to receive the price
109
that we want to go to apply the discount to
110
and it's going to receive the discount here.
111
So the discount here is going to be maybe bronze,
112
maybe silver, maybe gold,
113
but it's going to be a string here
114
and it's going to return a float.
115
So it's going to do some math calculation.
116
And we know that LLMs are not really good
117
with math calculations.
118
In the function docstring,
119
let's write this function is going to apply a discount tier
120
to a price and return the final price,
121
and let's add the available tiers
122
are bronze, silver and gold.
123
This is for our example use case.
124
Let me add here another print
125
to print that this function is called
126
with which arguments for visibility
127
and let's create a dictionary that is going
128
to hold the discount percentages according to the tier.
129
So, for example, bronze is going to be 5% discount,
130
silver, 12% discount
131
and gold tier is going to be 23% discount.
132
Again, this is an imaginal use case of an e-commerce bot.
133
So now the result that we want to return
134
is to take the original price
135
and subtract the discount from it.
136
So now according to the function
137
of which tier it was called,
138
for example, the bronze tier,
139
we want to go and we want to grant that discount.
140
So discount here is going to be an integer,
141
which is going to represent the percentage
142
that we want to reduce
143
and let's simply take the price
144
and we want to multiply it
145
by one minus the discount percentage divided by 100
146
and we want to round it to two decimal points.
147
So, again, a very simple function
148
in a very simple math calculation over here
149
of applying a discount.
150
What we did right now is implement two functions,
151
apply_discount and get_product_price,
152
and for both functions, we wrote a docstring representing
153
of what they wrote and this is very important
154
because this is what is going to be passed
155
to the LLM when we use it
156
so it would know which functions we have
157
when we use function calling here.
158
And the type hinting that we wrote is also important
159
because this is also going to be passed to the LLM.
160
And when we use the LangChain tool decorator,
161
it takes all of the information,
162
the docstrings, the function name,
163
what arguments does it receive,
164
what is the return value type,
165
and it go and it formats it very nicely
166
and it's going to format it according
167
to every model provider's requirements.
168
It creates one single interface
169
to pass all of this meta information
170
about the tools we want to pass to the model,
171
so we will be able to use function calling with this model.
172
Let me save it.
173
Let me run it right now
174
just to see we don't get any errors.
175
So this is good.
176
Now we want to go and we want to define our agent's loop.
177
Let me go and define a function
178
and I'm going to call it run_agent.
179
It's going to receive the question from the user.
180
So, for example, to get the price of a certain product
181
with a certain tier of discount.
182
And right now there is an empty implementation,
183
and let me write the boilerplate code to run this file.
184
If __name__ = __main__ and let's write
185
"print ("Hello LangChain agent (.bind_tools)!")
186
and let me add another print here for a new line.
187
And now let's go and execute this function
188
with the input of "What is the price for a laptop
189
after applying the gold discount?"
190
And here we're simply going to save it to a result.
191
Let me go and save it,
192
let me now run it just as a sanity check
193
and we can see here the print here.
194
What I want to do now is to add a bit
195
of LangSmith tracing to this function
196
because we are going to be implementing the agent loop raw.
197
So we're not going to be using LangChain to do that.
198
This is the entire point of this video.
199
So I'm going to manually add some LangSmith tracing
200
and instrumentation
201
so we can review the traces in LangSmith.
202
Now let me import from langsmith the traceable function.
203
And the traceable function is something we can put here
204
as a decorator around our function.
205
And we're going to call it LangChain Agent Loop.
206
And this is going to help us trace everything
207
inside this block of function
208
under one scope in LangSmith.
209
Okay, now when I'm going to go and run it,
210
let's go and run it,
211
we should see the trace in LangSmith.
212
So now let me go to LangSmith
213
and let me show you this trace.
214
I'm going to go back.
215
This is the project ReAct Under The Hood.
216
And here we see the traces
217
and here we can see an empty trace of LangChain Agent Loop.
218
It doesn't really have anything except
219
for the question input that we had.
220
However, when we were going to be adding code
221
to our agent loop, it's all going
222
to be nested under this Lang Chain Agent Loop trace here.
223
And this is useful for accumulation
224
of how many tokens we consumed, what was the runtime
225
for the entire operation,
226
what was the cost of this operation.
227
So it's very useful to nest everything under one trace.


=== Bonus ===


--- Tool Binding and Defensive Prompting ---

1
So now let's go and implement this run_agent function,
2
which is going to be our agent React loop.
3
And this is the loop which we explained earlier
4
when we covered the React algorithm in a very high overview.
5
First, let's go and create a list of tools.
6
So we're going to take all of our tools
7
and put it under a list.
8
All right, so now let's create a dictionary
9
where each item in the dictionary
10
is going to be a key value pair
11
containing the key of the tool name
12
and the value of the tool itself,
13
so the function itself.
14
For that, I'm going to be iterating through the tools
15
and the key is going to be accessing the tool with its name
16
and the value is going to be the tool itself.
17
And I want to create this tool dictionary
18
because this is what's going to help us
19
take the result of the LLM,
20
which is going to be a tool name,
21
and to get the Python object,
22
which is the tool so we can execute it.
23
And when we use it, it's going to be much clearer.
24
Let's go now and initialize our LLM.
25
And for that, I'm going to be using the init_chat_model.
26
And here, I'm going to be using ollama as the LLM provider.
27
And the model is going to be Qwen3
28
with the 1.7 billion parameters.
29
So if we wanted to use OpenAI,
30
we would simply use here OpenAI
31
and the name of the OpenAI model.
32
And this is why this function is so convenient
33
because we don't really need to import
34
the object of the chat model itself.
35
And now we want to take the model
36
and we want to let the model know
37
which tools do we have right now.
38
For that, we're going to be using
39
the Langchain bind tools function
40
and it's going to receive the list of tools
41
and it's going to bind the tools to the model.
42
Every time we're going to be making a request to the LLM,
43
we're also going to be sending the tool descriptions.
44
So now if the LLM supports function calling,
45
this works, by the way,
46
for only function calling supported LLMs,
47
so if the LLM supports function calling,
48
then it can return an answer to be a tool call,
49
so which tool to invoke.
50
And this bind tools function is going to work
51
for every LLM chat model in LangChain
52
that is going to be supporting function calling.
53
So, for example, if we want to use OpenAI
54
or Anthropic as a vendor,
55
which all of their models supports function calling,
56
then we simply need to change the string here
57
and we don't need to change the code.
58
So this is very, very convenient.
59
This layer of abstraction is very useful.
60
And let's go and add some nice print here.
61
All right, so let me go and run it. Let's see what we get.
62
So here we can see the question is printed.
63
All right, so now I want to implement
64
the brain of the agent.
65
So this is going to be a bunch of prompts
66
that I'm going to be sending to the LLM,
67
which is going to leverage its reasoning capabilities
68
and use it as a reasoning agent to decide what's the answer
69
or if we need to execute a tool or not.
70
Let me define a list of messages
71
that we're going to be sending to the LLM.
72
So the first message is going to be a system message
73
and this is going to represent a system prompt.
74
And if you're interested, go to the glossary section
75
where I describe the messages types.
76
So the content is going to be as follows.
77
"You are a helpful shopping assistant.
78
You have access to a product catalog tool
79
and a discount tool."
80
And now I want to do some defensive prompting.
81
So I'm going to give it a bunch of strict rules to follow.
82
And the first rule is going to be never guess
83
or assume any product price.
84
So this is to encourage the LLM to always choose a tool
85
to get the price of a product.
86
Then I want to say
87
that they must call the get_product_price tool
88
in order to get the real price.
89
And now let me tell the LLM
90
to only call the applied discount
91
only after we receive the price
92
from the get_product_price execution.
93
So we want to pass the exact price that we returned
94
after running and executing the tool get_product_price.
95
We do not want to pass a made up number.
96
And I added this because I am using an open weight model,
97
so Qwen3, and the reasoning capabilities
98
of this kind of models is much less than top tier models
99
that use function calling
100
because sometimes the open weight LLMs,
101
they can hallucinate the price of the product
102
that we want to pass to the applied discount.
103
And it's not going to be a real number
104
that we want to ground our answer in.
105
This is why I'm using it.
106
And I added this, by the way, after a couple of iterations
107
where I saw this is happening.
108
So by the way, a nice exercise for you
109
is to remove those strict rules and to see what happens.
110
And let me go and add another rule
111
to never calculate discounts yourself using math
112
and to always use the apply_discount tool.
113
And again, this is some defensive prompting
114
to reduce the chances
115
that the model is going to hallucinate the new price.
116
And lastly, if the user does not specify a discount tier,
117
so ask them which tier and we do not want to assume one.
118
This is the entire system message.
119
You can see right over here.
120
This is the general system prompt.
121
And here, we have some instructions to our agent here.
122
So this is the first message
123
we're going to be sending the LLM.
124
This is going to be the system message.
125
And now I want to pass the user input.
126
So let me add here in this list of messages.
127
The second element is going to be a human message
128
with the content of the question we got
129
when executing this function
130
and this is going to be the user input.
131
And in our case, it's going to be
132
what is the price after applying the gold discount.
133
So let me go and save it and let me go and run it.
134
You can see everything is running.

--- Understanding the ReAct Agent Loop in Langchain ---

1
All right, so now we are going to be implementing
2
the agent loop.
3
And now the agent loop is going to be as follows.
4
We're going to be iterating
5
from one until max iterations plus one.
6
This is simply because I didn't want to start from zero
7
when counting the iterations.
8
And every iteration here,
9
we want to send this message to the LLM.
10
The LLM is going to think. So this is the thought process.
11
It's going to decide if we need to execute a tool.
12
If we need to execute a tool, we're going to go,
13
we're going to execute the tool,
14
and then we're going to take the result
15
and we're going to be sending this result back to the LLM
16
and then the LLM is going to continue
17
in those kinds of iterations until we don't have a tool call
18
until the LLM designs, we have the answer.
19
And this is going to be when we're going
20
to have no tool calls to make.
21
First, let's print the number of iterations,
22
and let me go now and let me run this simply to show you.
23
And here we're going to be iterating to 10.
24
So now we want to execute the thought step.
25
Well, let's go and call the LLM with tools to invoke it
26
with all of the messages, and we get back an AI message.
27
Now this AI message is going to contain either,
28
a tool called decision of the LLM,
29
or content in case it has the answer
30
and it doesn't want to execute tools.
31
So let's go and extract what we have here
32
in the tool calls field when we get the AI message.
33
Now if we don't have tool calls,
34
then this means the LLM does not think
35
we need to execute a tool.
36
So we want to return the answer from the user.
37
So the AI message is going to contain the answer.
38
If not tool calls if it's empty,
39
I want to print that we have the final answer,
40
and I want to print the iMessage content,
41
and this is going to be the final answer
42
and this is what I want to return from this function.
43
All right, so let me go and run this in debug.
44
Going to put a break point here,
45
and let me go and run this in debug.
46
We can see we are in iteration one,
47
and we can see the messages.
48
This is the system message, this is the user input.
49
All right, and now if we'll take a look at the AI message
50
variable and we can see here we have some content.
51
We have what the thought process was.
52
We're going to soon see with length meet.
53
So don't worry about it, but we can see we have tool calls.
54
So let's take a look for tool calls.
55
Here we have the tool calls
56
and here we can see the LM decided
57
to execute the gate product price,
58
and to execute it with product to be laptop.
59
So because tool calls is not empty,
60
we're not going to execute this.
61
But now what we want to do is we want
62
to get from this string,
63
we want to go and execute the function.
64
So this is what we're going to be doing now.
65
Now I want to process the tool call,
66
and here I'm doing some defensive programming.
67
LLMs can return these days multiple tool call at once,
68
and just for the sake for simplicity,
69
I'm going to only access the first tool call.
70
So you can see here tool calls here is going to be a list
71
and theoretically we can have multiple elements of the list,
72
which are going to be different tool calls.
73
I'm only going to access the first tool call.
74
So this is just to make this example
75
a bit more simple and more digestible.
76
I'm going to access the tool call list.
77
I'm going to access the first element,
78
and then I want to extract the tool call to extract the name
79
of the tool we want to execute.
80
So the name here is get product price.
81
I want to extract the tool arguments.
82
So this is going to be this dictionary over here,
83
and I want to extract the tool call id.
84
So this is going to be helping us when we trace everything.
85
So now we printed the tool that was selected
86
and with which arguments.
87
So now we want to go and we want to execute this tool.
88
Now we want to go and take the name,
89
and remember when we initialize the tool dict,
90
this is what's going to help us
91
get the function itself to execute.
92
So I'm going to access the tools dictionary
93
and I'm going to get the value from the tool name.
94
So this is going to give us here the tool function
95
that we defined earlier.
96
So this variable here is going to be a python linking tool
97
which we can invoke, which we can use the invoke method.
98
So if for some reason this is empty,
99
we had a debug or something, did it work,
100
let's go and raise an error and if not,
101
we want to go and we want to invoke this tool
102
with the arguments that we took,
103
and this is what we're going to be calling an observation.
104
And then let's go add a print of the observation.
105
So this is the tool result.
106
So let me put here a debug break point.
107
Let me run it here in the debug.
108
So you can see right now we're in iteration one.
109
So here in the iteration we can see that the LLM decided
110
to use digit product price tool with those kinds of works.
111
We then printed this after we ran the function,
112
so the running of the function completed successfully.
113
And right here we can see in the observation variable,
114
we can see the value actually of the the laptop.
115
If we'll go up here,
116
you can see here this is the price of the laptop.
117
Everything worked as expected.
118
So up until now we use the LLM as a reasoning agent.
119
We took its output, we ran the tool that we needed to run.
120
And right now what we want to do,
121
we want to make the LLM remember what were the results.
122
What we want to do is we want, every time we iterate,
123
we want to append the result of the tool,
124
and to append the reasoning of the agent,
125
it would have the history so it would know what to do.
126
So now I want to go
127
and I want to append now to the message the AI message,
128
which is going to contain the tool call.
129
So the decision of the LLM
130
to get the product price for example.
131
And I also want to append to the message the tool result.
132
So this is going to be the observation that we had,
133
and also the tool call ID for tracing, okay?
134
Now when we do that, we feed back all the steps
135
that the agent did to the LLM.
136
So every time the agents,
137
when it's going to process the input,
138
it's going to see what it did in the past.
139
So this is what is going to create this agenda capability.
140
Now in this loop we are expecting the LLM
141
to finish at some point and to not have a tool call
142
and this is going to be to signal us
143
that it has the final answer.
144
Now if it does not do it, then this is going to grow,
145
and grow, and grow and we're going to run it 10 times
146
and then stop.
147
And in this case I want to print that there was an error.
148
We simply maxed out on the iterations
149
and simply return nothing here.
150
So let me now run everything here and I'm going to run it
151
and let's see the trace here in the logs.
152
So this is the final trace.
153
So the question was what is the price of the laptop
154
after applying the gold discount?
155
In the first iteration over here,
156
we can see the LLM had the tool call
157
and it decided to select get product price
158
and it gave it the arguments of product equals to laptop.
159
It executed the tool and the result of the tool was 1299,
160
and this was the result of the tool.
161
Then in the second iteration
162
where the LLM had also the results of the previous run,
163
in the second iteration,
164
the agent selected the applied discount tool
165
with the arguments of gold tier,
166
and the price we got earlier.
167
Then we executed the function and boom,
168
we got here the answer.
169
And then in the third iteration,
170
we didn't have any tool call.
171
So it returned us the answer.
172
The price of the laptop after our applying the gold discount
173
is this one.
174
Okay, so what we see right now here is the react loop.
175
Now let me go to length meet, let me go and refresh the page
176
and let's go and take the last trace.
177
So here we can see the trace.
178
And here we can see first we called Ollama,
179
we with the tools get product price apply discount.
180
This is the system prompt.
181
This is a our input and we can see that the response
182
of the LLM was to select the get product price
183
with this kind of input.
184
Then we went, we simply executed this tool
185
with the input of product equals to laptop.
186
This is the result.
187
And by the way, we can see the trace over here
188
because when we used here, the LangChain tool decorator,
189
it automatically trace this function for us.
190
This is why it's convenient.
191
Then we went and made another LLM call
192
and let's take a look at this input.
193
So here in this LLM message we can see
194
we have an input of the system message.
195
This is the human message we sent before.
196
And here in the AI message here,
197
this is going to contain the previous situation result.
198
So we can see in this situation,
199
we can see what the AI thought,
200
and here we can see it decided to use the tool call
201
of get product price and with this argument,
202
so the tool call here.
203
So this is an AI message where it has this tool call result
204
and then we also appended the tool message.
205
And then here we appended the observation.
206
So the result after executing this tool
207
of get product price and this trace actually came
208
after we appended this here,
209
this tool message with the observation
210
with the tool call id.
211
Now notice this tool call id corresponds to here, okay?
212
So this is also important for a tracing
213
if we have something wrong.
214
And here we can see the LLM response.
215
We can see here some reasoning,
216
and we can see we have here some tool calls.
217
Okay, so we want to call the apply discount.
218
This is a new tool call id, and we want to invoke
219
the applied discount tool with those arguments.
220
Then we went and we executed, we invoked this tool.
221
You can see right over here,
222
this is the input for the tool, this is the result.
223
And then we made another LLM call,
224
with also containing the result
225
of this tool call that we called it.
226
You can see it right over here.
227
Again, this is the observation,
228
and then the answer of the LM was this,
229
this was the final answer of the LLM.
230
We can see here we don't have a tool call, okay?
231
What we implement right now is a very lean version
232
of the agent loop.
233
And we can see it's all traced under one trace here.
234
The latency was 11 seconds, it used 2.4k tokens
235
and yeah, this is pretty much it.
236
So here we implemented a very lean version
237
of the react loop.
238
This exactly here is the react look itself.
239
And now I want to give you an exercise,
240
and I want you to take this diagram of the react loop
241
and I want you to correspond pieces of code.
242
Where does it belong in the the loop?
243
Where is the thought process?
244
Where is the tool invocation?
245
When does the LLM decide that it has the final answer?
246
And what is the implementation
247
for each error here in this state machine?
248
And what we did right now was the first layer
249
of peeling the abstraction of an agent.
250
So right now we saw what is actually agent loop.
251
And when we use the LangChain create agent function,
252
it implements something very similar
253
to this logic we implemented.
254
Now everything we did right now was with LangChain objects.
255
We use LangChain tools in chat model, human message system,
256
message tool, message of LangChain.
257
And it was very convenient
258
and it was very intuitive and easy to do.
259
And in the next video I want to show you how we are going
260
to implement it raw without LangChain.
261
And then you'll really understand why LangChain is useful
262
and then you'll really see why LangChain is so useful
263
and you'll start to see some of the problems
264
that LangChain solves for us.

--- Model Switch ---

1
So we implemented layer one where we implemented ourself,
2
the agent loop.
3
However, we did that with link chain objects.
4
Now I want to show you how flexible
5
and convenient link chain is.
6
So I'm going to go back to the code
7
and right now, you can see that we use the model coin three.
8
And if I'll go where we initialize the LLM
9
with the in chat model,
10
we can see right here the initialization with ollama.
11
Now if I want to use another vendor, for example OpenAI,
12
I can write OpenAI and the name of the model that I want.
13
For example, let's write GPT five and that's it.
14
The model has changed.
15
Let me go and run it.
16
And all I needed to do in order to do so was
17
to change string.
18
So now we can see we're in the first iteration.
19
We chose the correct tool, we got the tool result.
20
In the second iteration, we chose the correct tool
21
to apply the discount and we get the final answer.
22
And if I'll go to LamgSmith, let me go now
23
and let me open the latest trace.
24
You can see right over here we use chat open ai.
25
Now I remind you this worked only
26
because we had link chain open AI installed in our
27
virtual environment.
28
And we can see here in length meet what was the latency
29
of the agent run.
30
We can see the number of tokens we used,
31
the price and we can see the answer of GPT five.
32
Now this is very useful and very convenient
33
and this was one of the reasons why link chain took off
34
because actually this was one of the first,
35
if not the first open source package that creates this layer
36
of abstractions around LLMs.
37
Now, while this benefit of having the ability to switch
38
between models just by changing a string is very,
39
very convenient, it's not enough
40
for production grade applications.
41
So let me show you what I mean.
42
So the model used here was GPT five
43
and at the moment of filming the video,
44
it's not a state of the art model.
45
We have GPT 5.2.
46
Now, if I'm going to use that
47
and run it, let's see what we get.
48
We get here an insufficient result.
49
So here the agent answered which laptop product should I
50
look up in the catalog.
51
And the point I want to make here
52
switching models very easily is not enough.
53
We need to make sure that the model we are switching over
54
to is going to be capable enough
55
and it's going to work well with our use case.
56
So that's where evaluations come in hand,
57
which we'll cover later in this course.
58
And the fact that GPT 5.0 is the state-of-the-art model at
59
the moment of filming the video does not mean
60
that this is going to be the best model, which is going
61
to work for our agent.
62
And the lesson of this video is that
63
before we switch between models, we should really examine
64
and we should first benchmark
65
and to see if those models are good for our use case
66
and for our agent run.
67
And let me go back to LangSmith here,
68
and let me show you the trace of the last run.
69
So we can see right now when we call GPT 5.2,
70
the agent really didn't perform as we wanted to.
71
And I will be sharing both
72
of those traces in this video's resources.
73
All right, let's go and return the code we had
74
before using ollama (indistinct) three.
75
So in the next video we're going
76
to be implementing the same agent loop.
77
However, we're not going to be using link chain objects,
78
we're not going to use link chain chat models
79
or link chain tool decorators.
80
We're going to do everything raw with the ollama SDK.
81
And the reason why we do this is
82
because I want to peel off one more layer of abstraction.
83
And now I want to peel the chat model abstraction
84
and just to show you all the heavy lifting link chain is
85
doing for us as developers.
86
So let's go to the code.

--- -------- [Layer 2]  Manual JSON Schemas vs. LangChain Tool Abstraction -------- ---

1
So I created the file,
2
which is called 2_agent_loop_raw_function_calling.py.
3
This file is currently empty,
4
so let me go and copy the entire implementation
5
of what we did in the previous video.
6
And now, we want to get rid of LangChain objects.
7
Let's get rid of any chat model.
8
Let's get rid of LangChain tools, of LangChain messages,
9
and instead we want to import Ollama.
10
And this is going to be using the Ollama Python SDK,
11
and this is the Python SDK for Ollama.
12
And it's actually installed in our dependencies
13
in our virtual environment
14
because when we installed LangChain Ollama,
15
it installed this package as a dependency.
16
So we can't use this tool decorator of LangChain
17
converting this Python function into a LangChain tool.
18
So I still want to trace this function as a tool.
19
So I'm going to be using LangSmith traceable
20
and I'm going to give it the right type of tool.
21
So this is going to help us trace this function
22
when it runs in its own trace on LangSmith.
23
And let me do the same for this function here as well.
24
Now, those two functions here are still Python functions,
25
and we want to convert them into tools that the LLM can use
26
and LangChain did it for us
27
with the LangChain tool decorator.
28
So now we want to take those functions
29
and we want to convert them into tools
30
that an LLM can digest.
31
And if it supports function calling,
32
we want to integrate into that.
33
So let's go to the Ollama documentation here.
34
And here we can go to docs.
35
And let's go, we have here tool calling.
36
Here we can see how we can use tool calling with Ollama.
37
And we can see right here if we use cURL,
38
we are making a request to our Ollama server with the model,
39
with the message, and here we need to provide it...
40
In the tools argument,
41
we need to provide it with a JSON scheme.
42
So this JSON scheme is going to describe the tools
43
that are going to be running.
44
So it's going to describe them,
45
it's going to describe the name of the tools,
46
the arguments they get, the return value,
47
and we need to provide it explicitly.
48
When we used the LangChain tool decorator earlier,
49
it actually did this automatically for us.
50
However, now we don't have it,
51
so we need to do it manually, okay?
52
So this is what we're going to be doing.
53
The interesting thing here about Ollama
54
is that we don't have any formal definition
55
of what is exactly these JSON scheme.
56
You can see one example of this here in the documentation.
57
Maybe we'll find an example in the source code,
58
but we don't really see a formal definition
59
of what should be and what have to be included
60
in the JSON scheme.
61
So this is also something
62
which is not that easy for developers.
63
Of course, we can go and give it to Cursor
64
or to Claude Code to give this example.
65
It would create it for us.
66
But again, I really think there should be one place
67
where it clearly defines
68
what kinds of JSON scheme we can provide here.
69
So according to this example,
70
we need to give it the type of function,
71
then we need to describe the function, to describe the name,
72
to describe the description,
73
then to describe the parameters,
74
which is going to be here a city which is a type object.
75
And here we're going to describe the arguments
76
of this function and it's going to be a city
77
which is going to be a string, okay?
78
So the point here, I want to show you
79
that it's not that clear
80
even from the official documentation.
81
Now if we'll go through to Python,
82
we can see here an example of using the Python SDK.
83
And here, we can see it uses the Ollama chat object.
84
So this is the chat wrapper.
85
It's going to receive the model, the messages,
86
and it's going to receive the tools.
87
And the tools is going to be the functions themself, right?
88
So interesting enough, Ollama, specifically,
89
can convert Python functions into tools
90
that can be used with Ollama.
91
However, to do so, it requires that your Python functions
92
have docstrings according to the Google style docstrings.
93
And this is, by the way, not clear from the documentation.
94
If I'm going to go to Ollama here
95
to the open source package and look for chat,
96
here you can see.
97
And here let me go to the implementation itself.
98
And here let me search for tools.
99
And here we can see that the tools,
100
they can be a JSON scheme as a dictionary.
101
So this is what we saw previously, right over here.
102
So this is the JSON schema.
103
Or it can be an Ollama tool.
104
So it's a similar object to LangChain tool,
105
but it's the Ollama variation, or a Python function.
106
So this is what we saw here.
107
Now, here we can see that in the source code
108
it says that the Python function needs to follow
109
the Google style docstring
110
to be converted into an Ollama tool.
111
And this is something which is not clear
112
from the documentation.
113
Coming back here to those two tools,
114
we have two options, either to go change docstrings
115
and use those tools directly or we can use the JSON scheme.
116
And everything I'm showing you right now
117
is only relevant to Ollama,
118
and all of these conversions from Python functions
119
into tools that the LLM can digest,
120
we just talked about Ollama,
121
but what about Anthropic, for example?
122
Let me open Anthropic documentation of tool calls.
123
And in Anthropic, we have a different way of doing things.
124
So here we need to define the tools
125
as a JSON scheme as well.
126
And this time, the scheme is a bit different.
127
Now, of course, we can use Claude Code or a Cursor
128
and give them an example from the documentation
129
and it's going to write everything for us.
130
But the point here is that if we are going to go
131
and switch between those models, it's going to be very,
132
very costly as far as development cost.
133
So it will take time just to do those integrations,
134
which we get out of the box
135
just by using the LangChain interface.
136
So let me go back to the code here
137
and let's go and define the tools for Ollama.
138
Now, I still want to remind again,
139
if we were to use LangChain,
140
we simply need to use the tool decorator,
141
which is going to autogenerate these kinds of scheme,
142
JSON scheme for us.
143
Right now, let's go and create a list
144
and let's call it tools_for_llm.
145
And the first object is going to be dictionary,
146
which is going to be the JSON scheme.
147
And here according to the documentation,
148
the type is going to be function.
149
And now, it's going to describe this function.
150
The name of the function is going to be get_product_price,
151
and the description to "Look up a price
152
of a product in the catalog,"
153
it's going to be similar here
154
to the description of the function.
155
And the parameters of these functions
156
are going to be type object.
157
And the properties is going to be product.
158
This is the keyword argument.
159
And its type is going to be string
160
and the description, the product,
161
for example, laptop, headphones, and keyboard.
162
And the product is going to be required.
163
So the JSON scheme that I just put here,
164
I want to be remembering it, right?
165
So this is something I pre-prepared before the class year,
166
and it's a derivative of the docs right from here.
167
So this is also something which LangChain solves for us.
168
We don't really need to create those kinds of JSON schemes.
169
Those are going to be autogenerated by LangChain
170
and it's going to be using the descriptions,
171
the typings that we gave in the functions.
172
So this is going to be the first tool,
173
the get_product_price.
174
Let me add the second function.
175
And of course, I'm not expecting you
176
to do this line by line, so I will recommend you
177
copying and paste this from the GitHub branch.
178
But now, we have the list of tools with the JSON schemes.
179
So let me summarize everything we discussed right now.
180
Ollama can still auto generate those schemas
181
that we see right now automatically
182
if we were to pass the functions directly as tools.
183
So just like this, to simply put the functions here.
184
But this is going to require us to write the docstrings
185
of the functions according to Google docstring format.
186
So this is an example of the Google docstring,
187
with the description, args, then returns.
188
And I didn't want to use this option in this tutorial
189
because I wanted to show you what happens
190
when we use the LangChain as tool decorator.
191
So it's generates these kinds
192
of scheme according to each vendor.
193
It's going to generate the correct JSON scheme
194
to Anthropic, to Ollama.
195
Each one has a different style and different keywords
196
and different formats.
197
So this is the benefit
198
of using the LangChain tool abstraction.

--- Building a ReAct Agent Loop with the Raw Ollama SDK ---

1
So instead now of using the init_chat model,
2
we need to use the Ollama Chat model here.
3
And because it's not going to be a LangChain chat model,
4
then we want to trace it.
5
So I want to create an auxiliary function
6
and to trace it with traceable so we can actually use it
7
and see the trace nicely in LangSmith.
8
So let me go and do that.
9
So let me go and create this auxiliary function
10
to trace these Ollama calls.
11
And if we were to use LangChain, we wouldn't need to do it
12
because we get out of the box tracing with LangSmith.
13
And I'm going to use the traceable from LangSmith.
14
I'm going to call it all Ollama Chat.
15
The runtime is going to be LLM
16
and it's going to be a function
17
that is going to receive a list of messages
18
and it's going to use the Ollama Chat client.
19
I'm going to give you the model.
20
Here, it's going to be Qwen3.
21
I'm going to give it the tools
22
and the tools here are the JSON scheme I showed you earlier
23
and simply the messages
24
that we want to give the LLM to digest.
25
So this is what we want to use.
26
All right, now here in the beginning of the agent,
27
we created this tool dictionary
28
to be able to access the Python functions programmatically
29
once we have their names.
30
And we did that through
31
using the LangChain tool name attribute
32
and we don't have it with Ollama.
33
So to create this dictionary,
34
simply let's call this tools_dict
35
and I'm going to write it manually.
36
So get_product_price is going to map to the function
37
get_product_price right over here.
38
So the same thing for the apply_discount
39
is going to map to this apply_discount function
40
LLM and binding with tools we don't really need anymore
41
because we created Ollama Chat traced function here,
42
so we can simply remove this.
43
And here in the messages,
44
we need to apply some different formatting
45
so we don't have human message here anymore.
46
So instead of human message, for example,
47
we need to give it here the role of user
48
and the content of question.
49
Now in Ollama, the role of the user is called user,
50
but in some vendors it's called human.
51
And when we use LangChain human message,
52
this actually does this conversion for us.
53
And let me also replace this entire system message
54
with the role of system
55
and the content of our prompt from before.
56
Now again, everything we are doing right now
57
is only specific for Ollama.
58
If we were to change it for Anthropic,
59
we would have different conventions
60
and different namings and different things to do.
61
And this is why the cost of moving between vendors
62
without LangChain is pretty high.
63
Here we are in the agent loop
64
and now let's take this thought step
65
and find the tool calls from it
66
and now let's do it Ollama style.
67
So I'm going to replace
68
those tools lines right over here with this.
69
Okay, so I'm going to use the Ollama Chat trace.
70
So this is the function we implemented.
71
I'm going to give it the messages.
72
This is what you're seeing right here.
73
So it's calling the Ollama SDK directly.
74
Now the response we get back is an Ollama response.
75
It's not a LangChain AI message object response, right?
76
So it's going to have a message
77
and I'm going to call it ai_message.
78
And this message is going to have a tool called attribute.
79
So I'm going to give this into the tool_calls variable.
80
So this is going to normalize it
81
according to our earlier implementation.
82
Now is a good time to stop
83
and to put a break point and to see what we get so far.
84
So let me go and put here a break point
85
and let me go and save it and let me run it in debug.
86
So let's take a look at the variables
87
that we talked earlier about.
88
We can see right now,
89
the response here we get is a chat response of Ollama.
90
Okay, and this chat response,
91
it has the messages field, right?
92
We can see here.
93
And here we can see that the message,
94
the role here is assistant.
95
And in other vendors, by the way,
96
this role may be called AI.
97
And here in messages,
98
we can see we have the content of the message
99
and we also have tool_calls.
100
And the tool_calls variable,
101
we have the tool_calls that the LLM returned
102
with the exact same information.
103
And inside the tool_calls,
104
this is a chat Ollama tool call object.
105
So it has a different structure
106
than the LangChain tool call object.
107
And this is what we're going to be changing right over here.
108
And now we want to take
109
from the chat Ollama response we get,
110
we want to get the tool calls,
111
we want to get the tool name that was selected
112
and the arguments we want to run it with.
113
Now notice in Ollama,
114
we don't actually have a tool call id.
115
So let me go and switch those three lines
116
with those two lines.
117
So we want to access the tool_call variable,
118
so we can see we have it right over here,
119
and it's going to be an object of this tool call.
120
It's going to have an attribute of a function.
121
And this function is going to have an attribute
122
of a name and argument.
123
So the name is going to be right over here,
124
get_product_price, and the arguments is going to be here,
125
so it's a dictionary product equals laptop.
126
And here, we printed the tool that was selected.
127
So this doesn't change.
128
We then want to get the Python function itself to run.
129
So this doesn't change as well.
130
However, now we want to run the tool
131
and we want to get the tool result,
132
which is the observation.
133
We don't have the runnable interface of LangChain.
134
So we simply want to call the function
135
that we got from here with the arguments.
136
So let me go and replace this line with this.
137
So here we're taking the tool to use
138
and we're simply passing it
139
the dictionary we have right here.
140
And lastly, we want to go and propagate the observation,
141
the result of the tool execution into the React loop.
142
So we want to propagate back to the LLM.
143
Instead of appending to a tool message of LangChain,
144
we're going to append a dictionary with the role of tool
145
and the content is going to be the observation.
146
And that was it. So let me stop it.
147
Let's run everything again and let's see what we get.
148
And we can see that for the query,
149
what is the price of the laptop
150
after applying the gold discount?
151
According to the agent loop in the thought process,
152
we first select the get_product_price to be called
153
with product to be the laptop.
154
We then go and execute this tool.
155
Then we propagate the response of this tool,
156
this observation back to the LLM.
157
And here in the second iteration,
158
the LLM decides that we need to call
159
the apply-discount function.
160
It selects the correct arguments, we then run it.
161
And then in the third iteration,
162
we don't have any tool calls and we finish.
163
Now let's go back to LangSmith
164
and let's see the trace.
165
And we see here it's called LangChain Agent Loop,
166
so I forgot to change the name of the traceable here.
167
So let's call it Ollama Agent Loop.
168
Let me go and run this again
169
and let me refresh here in this trace.
170
So we can see now it's called now Ollama Agent Loop
171
and we can see it's calling Ollama Chat.
172
So this is not chat Ollama from LangChain.
173
This is the raw SDK of Ollama
174
and we can see that the final answer was 1,099.
175
So it got the correct answer. It ran get_product_price.
176
It ran the apply_discount correctly.
177
And I will also be sharing this trace
178
in the video's resources.
179
So everything works here as expected here.

--- What are we building? Function Calling. Yes we are building Function Calling. ---

1
Hey there, Eden here.
2
And in this video, we're going to be covering
3
the ReAct prompt.
4
And the ReAct prompt is the most important prompt,
5
in my opinion, in AI engineering.
6
And this is the basis
7
for every agent we are seeing right now.
8
This prompt is going to help our LLM
9
act as a reasoning engine,
10
and this was what started it all.
11
And in the first LangChain implementation of agents,
12
this was the prompt that was used,
13
and it really started this snowball
14
of AI agents we are seeing today.
15
And in this video, we're going to have a very brief overview
16
of this prompt.
17
Now, if you want to learn this prompt in depth
18
and to understand all of the prompt engineering theory
19
that sits behind it, and there is a lot,
20
I highly recommend you go to the Theory section
21
where I cover it in depth.
22
All right, so let me go and show you this prompt.
23
So right now, I'm in my LangSmith main page.
24
And if I'm going to Prompts over here,
25
we have here Browse all Public Prompts in the LangChain Hub.
26
Let's go and click that.
27
And here you have a list of many prompts
28
that people are using, people are uploading it,
29
and it's a very convenient way to find prompt in general.
30
And let me now search for hwchase17/react.
31
And this prompt, we can see it right over here,
32
and this prompt has over 7 million downloads.
33
Let me go and click it.
34
And this is the ReAct prompt,
35
which we were seeing right now.
36
Now, let me give you a bit of history.
37
The person who uploaded this prompt
38
was actually Harrison Chase,
39
the co-founder and CEO of LangChain.
40
And this was the prompt that started it all.
41
And in the original OG implementation of the ReAct agent,
42
this was the prompt that was used
43
to power the first LangChain agent.
44
And in the ecosystem, I believe it was the first agent
45
that was introduced that people were able to build.
46
Here, you have instructions of how to download this prompt
47
with the LangSmith client,
48
and you can see here a bunch of metadata on this prompt.
49
If I'm going to go to the Commit here,
50
so we can see this is the version of this prompt,
51
and this is the prompt we're going to be using
52
to power our raw ReAct agent.
53
So we're not going to be using function calling.
54
We're going to be using this prompt
55
to be the reasoning engine of our agent.
56
So let's go and quickly review it.
57
Answer the following questions as best as you can.
58
You have access to the following tools,
59
and here we have a placeholder to the tools.
60
And here, we are going to inject the descriptions
61
of the tools that we have.
62
And in our use case,
63
we're going to have a get_product_price tool
64
and to apply_discount tool.
65
So we're going to have two tools
66
that we're going to be injecting here.
67
Use the following format:
68
Question, the input question you must answer.
69
Thought, you should always think about what you do.
70
And then Action,
71
the action to take should be one of [(tool_names)].
72
And here we're going to be plugging in the tool names.
73
And this differs from the tools
74
because here we're going to inject only the names,
75
and this is going to be containing much more information.
76
It's going to contain the arguments,
77
the argument types of the tools, the return values,
78
and the descriptions of when to use those tools.
79
So this is going to help the LLM to be used
80
as a reasoning engine,
81
and it's going to help the large language model decide
82
of which tool to use.
83
And we're going to be doing all of that by prompting.
84
Okay, so let's go back to the prompt.
85
Then we have Action Input, the input to the action.
86
And here we're going to have Observation,
87
the result of the action.
88
By the way, remember we talked about observation
89
in the early videos,
90
which is the result of executing the tool.
91
So the term was originated from the ReAct prompt
92
and the ReAct paper.
93
And then it says here,
94
this Thought/Action/Action Input/Observation
95
can repeat N times,
96
so this is going to be in the agent loop
97
we're going to be implementing.
98
And here we have Thought, I know the final answer.
99
And here we have Final Answer,
100
the final answer of the original input question.
101
Begin.
102
Here we have the Question and the input of the user.
103
And here we have Thought with the agent_scratchpad,
104
which we're going to be explaining later.
105
What's happening here,
106
I cover in depth in the Theory section.
107
Again, check it out.
108
But overall, we're seeing here a bunch of techniques
109
in prompt engineering,
110
like few-shot prompting and chain of thought,
111
which is helping us to use the LLM as a reasoning agent.
112
So after the LLM is going to run this prompt,
113
it's going to output us which tool needs to be run.
114
And this is going to be the basis
115
for our entire agent execution flow
116
and to our entire agent loop.
117
We're then going to take the response of the LLM
118
after it's going to execute this prompt,
119
and we're going to be parsing it,
120
and we're going to be executing the tools,
121
and we're going to be plugging it in.
122
Now you might be thinking, what is this agent scratchpad?
123
And this agent scratchpad is going to hold
124
all of the history of the agent.
125
So it's going to contain which tools were chosen,
126
why did the agent choose those tools,
127
and what was the observation,
128
what was the result of the tools execution.
129
And this scratchpad is going to be continuously updated
130
with the latest results.
131
And this is going to be helping
132
from iteration 1 to iteration 2
133
to help the agent focus and think of the next step.
134
So this is going to be the magic for this agent.
135
So let me go and copy this prompt
136
because I'm going to be modifying it a bit
137
later in the videos.
138
Cool, so this was a quick overview of the ReAct prompt.
139
And in the next video,
140
we're going to be implementing the agent loop
141
without function calling,
142
with the help of this prompt.
143
So see you in the next video.

--- Generating Dynamic Tool Descriptions in Python ---

1
So, let me now go and create a new file,
2
and I want to go and call it 3_raw_react_prompt.
3
And I'm going to go to our previous implementation.
4
I'm going to copy-paste it here.
5
The first thing we want to do is to add some imports,
6
so let me go and add regular expressions
7
because we are going to be using it
8
to parse the raw response from the LLM,
9
which is going to be text.
10
And we're going to be needing regular expressions
11
because we're not going to be relying
12
on the beautiful format of function calling.
13
We're not going to get a simple JSON file with the function
14
and function details that needs to be executed.
15
We are going to only receive raw response from the LLM,
16
which is text.
17
And the LLM is going to return as text,
18
so we would need to parse from the text
19
what function needs to be invoked.
20
So, this is going to be very technical,
21
but very important to really understand
22
what's happening under the hood.
23
And we're also going to be using inspect
24
to get the metadata on the functions,
25
which we're going to be using as tools
26
so we'll be able to plug that
27
and propagate that into the LLM.
28
Here, this function stays the same.
29
And in this function, we'll be needing
30
to make one small modification.
31
However, I will show you it later in the video
32
because I want to show it only when needed.
33
Here, we are using the function calling API
34
with the tool details,
35
and I want to go and delete it.
36
And instead, I want to create a dictionary of the tools,
37
which is going to map the tool_name to the function itself.
38
So far, very simple.
39
However, now, we still need to be able to send
40
to the LLM the details on the functions
41
so it will be able to use them as tools
42
so it would know about our functions,
43
because inherently, the LLM does not know
44
anything about our functions.
45
For that, I'm going to creating a new function,
46
which is called get_tool_descriptions(),
47
which is going to receive as an input
48
these tools dictionary.
49
And from it, it's going to iterate over the tools,
50
and for each tool, it's going to get its metadata,
51
its arguments, its return value, and its docstring.
52
And it's going to format everything as a string,
53
so we'll be able to inject the string into our react_prompt,
54
which we're going to be sending to the LLM.
55
And let's create an empty list of descriptions.
56
And now I want to be iterating over the tools here,
57
so I'm going to be using the items() method
58
of the dictionary.
59
And the first element is going to be the key,
60
so it's going to be the tool_name.
61
And the second element is going to be the function itself.
62
And now, from every function, I want to get its metadata.
63
However, there is one small caveat
64
since all of those functions
65
are traced with LangSmith traceable,
66
so what we need to do is to get from every function
67
its "__wrapped__" attribute,
68
so this is going to be the original function
69
before it was wrapped with the decorator.
70
Here, by doing this, we basically get this snippet of code,
71
the function implementation itself.
72
So, now we want to get the metadata of the function,
73
what is the function name, the arguments it receives,
74
and their types and the return value type.
75
So, for that, we'll be using inspect.signature() method,
76
and we're going to give it the original function.
77
And this function is going
78
to give us the signature of the function.
79
And second, we want to get the docstring
80
because the docstring is going to be helping the LLM decide
81
when to use this function or not.
82
And for this, we're going to be using inspect.getdoc()
83
on the function.
84
And getdoc() is going to get us the docstring
85
of the function.
86
And lastly, we want to go and add to the descriptions list
87
for that function a string,
88
which is going to contain the tool_name,
89
the signature, and the docstring,
90
so it's going to be formatted nicely.
91
So, this descriptions list at the end
92
is going to containing two strings
93
containing all the details of the functions,
94
which we're going to be using as tools,
95
and this is going to be propagated later to the LLM.
96
And because you want to propagate everything to the LLM,
97
I'm going to join everything into one big string.
98
So, to do that, we're going to take all the elements
99
of this list over here
100
and we're going to be joining them into one big string,
101
and we're going to create a new line between them.
102
And this is what's going to be injected to our react_prompt.
103
Cool, so let's go now
104
and let's go and create a tool_descriptions variable.
105
So, we're going to be invoking this function
106
with all the tools,
107
and let me write here pass
108
and let me debug it
109
and let me show you how it's going to be looking like.
110
So, let's run it in debug.
111
So, everything we did right now is to create
112
these tools_descriptions variables.
113
So, if I'm going to go to the Debug Console here,
114
let's write tool_descriptions.
115
And here, we can see one big string
116
with all the details on the functions and their docstrings,
117
and we can see here this new line which is also appended.
118
So, this is going to be injected to the LLM's prompt,
119
and it's going to help the LLM decide
120
whether to call those tools or not.
121
Let's go and stop it.
122
And let's also get the tool_names,
123
so we're simply going to iterate over the keys here
124
of this dictionary,
125
and we are simply going to add some columns between them.
126
So, we'll have the tool_names,
127
and again, this is needed to the react_prompt.
128
Let me also now paste the react_prompt,
129
and this is an f-string.
130
And you can see here the strict rules
131
from the previous implementation.
132
However, here, we have the react_prompt itself.
133
A notice, it looks exactly like this prompt right here,
134
and this was the actual prompt
135
of the first agent implementation in LangChain
136
that was created by Harrison Chase,
137
the founder and CEO of LangChain.
138
So, this was the exact prompt which started everything.
139
And here, we can see,
140
"Answer the following questions as best as you can.
141
You have access to the following tools."
142
Here, we're going to be plugging in the tool_descriptions,
143
so we got it from here.
144
Here, we have, "Use the following format."
145
And everything you see right here
146
is simply to make the LLM function
147
as a reasoning engine to choose the correct tool.
148
This is very smart prompt engineering,
149
and this is what actually started it all.
150
Here, we have a begin,
151
and here we have the question, which is the user's question.
152
And in our case, what's the price of the laptop
153
with the gold discount?
154
And this is going to be plugged at runtime,
155
so this is why we have the placeholders over here.
156
So, let's go and remove this comment.
157
And this function, ollama_chat_traced,
158
leverages function calling of Ollama, of the model,
159
and we do not want to use that.
160
We want to be using the raw intelligence
161
of the model to do that,
162
so let's go and re-implement it.
163
So, we're still going to call it all ollama_chat_traced.
164
However, it's going to receive the model.
165
It's going to receive the messages.
166
This is the same, nothing changed.
167
And it's going to receive options.
168
And options is going to be some special configuration
169
for the LLM, which we're going to be seeing very, very soon.
170
So, here, we do not need this tool_dict anymore.
171
We have it already.
172
And now, instead of the system prompt we had before,
173
we want to go.

--- Understanding the ReAct Prompt: Building AI Agents Without Function Calling ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]

--- Implementing Manual Tool Calling for LLMs ---

1
So let's take a look at
2
the ollama_chat_traced function here.
3
So here it used to receive tools.
4
Now, instead of that, we are not using tools anymore.
5
However, we do need to send somehow to the model
6
the stop argument configuration.
7
So we're going to be removing the tool usage.
8
So it's not going to receive any tools.
9
And instead, it's going to be receiving the model.
10
It's going to be receiving messages.
11
And it's going to be receiving options.
12
And here options is going to contain,
13
when we invoke this function,
14
it's going to contain the stop arguments
15
of backslash and observation.
16
And this is what we're going to be sending
17
to ollama.chat.
18
All right, so let's continue now to the agent loop.
19
So we have all of the infrastructure ready,
20
and let's go now to implement the agent loop.
21
So the tools_dict we do not need
22
because we already have this tool dictionary from earlier.
23
And those messages, we do not need them anymore as well
24
because it's all going to come from the React prompt.
25
And the React prompt is going to contain
26
also the instructions to the agents and the user input.
27
So notice here, we don't have any separation
28
of the system prompt between the user prompt.
29
And this is because we're going to be using
30
this prompt as a whole.
31
So let me go and remove these messages here as well.
32
So instead of all of those messages,
33
we're simply going to inject the question
34
to the React prompt.
35
And I'm going to initialize the scratchpad
36
to be an empty list here.
37
So if you can see right over here,
38
at build time, we're going to have the tool descriptions
39
and the tool names.
40
So those are going to be plugged in at build time.
41
And in runtime, this question
42
is going to be plugged dynamically,
43
and it's going to come from the user.
44
And this is what we are doing right over here.
45
So if I'm going to put everything in debug,
46
let's go and debug it.
47
We can go and copy here this value.
48
Let me open a new file and paste it.
49
And we can see here that the question was plugged in,
50
what is the price of laptop
51
after applying the gold discount?
52
And here is thought,
53
and this is the output indicator to DLLM to start working.
54
Let's stop the execution here.
55
All right, let me just go and change the order here.
56
So let me go and change it to here.
57
So first we go and we print the question
58
and then we format the prompt.
59
And notice here, we still haven't used the scratchpad
60
and this is going to be containing the history
61
of what DLLM did so far and the tool choices,
62
the observations and everything.
63
So we're going to be appending the scratchpad
64
to the original React prompt
65
and this is going to be our full prompt.
66
So now the full prompt is going to contain the React prompt
67
with the tools and the user's question
68
and it's going to contain the scratchpad.
69
And notice everything here is one big chunk of text,
70
which is going to the LLM.
71
So here, this ollama traced needs to also receive
72
the stop arguments of slash and observation.
73
So let me go and change that.
74
So right now, we're still calling the ollama_chat_traced,
75
we're calling it with the model,
76
and we're going to be using Qwen3.
77
And the messages is going to be only one message every time,
78
which is going to be containing all of the instructions
79
to DLLM plus the user's question.
80
So this is what we have over here.
81
And in the options, we're going to be sending a dictionary
82
with a stop argument to be \nObservation.
83
So this is going to tell DLLM to stop producing
84
and generating text after it produces
85
this \nObservation token.
86
Let's also give it temperature equals to zero
87
so the prompt would be more consistent.
88
And now let's go and run it in debug,
89
and let's see what we get.
90
Let me continue here.
91
Let's go and continue the run.
92
So we're in iteration one.
93
What is the price of laptop
94
after applying the gold discount?
95
Let's take a look at the response.
96
And in the response, we have message,
97
and in the message, we're going to have content.
98
So this is the response.
99
Let me open it in a new file.
100
And here, let me just format it nicely.
101
So here we have the raw response of the LLM
102
after we formatted a bit.
103
Let me go now back to the tracing
104
so I can show you how does it look like.
105
So here we can see already the LLM call.
106
So here we can see this is the entire input.
107
Notice it's going to contain the strict rules.
108
This is going to be here, the React prompt,
109
where we plugged in the tools description,
110
and we're going to be seeing here the tools list,
111
and this is the user's question.
112
So all of this we plugged into the LLM,
113
and in the response, here we have the response,
114
here we can see it,
115
and we can see it has some thinking that it did,
116
and finally, it answers in the format of thought,
117
action, and action input.
118
And notice it didn't produce anything
119
after the action input,
120
because after it, it outputs \nObservation,
121
and then it stopped generating text entirely.
122
So in the response, we don't see the \nObservation.
123
Just to show you that I'm not lying to you,
124
let me go now and add some typo, something like this.
125
And let's go now and rerun it.
126
Let me refresh here this page.
127
So this is after we remove the stop argument.
128
And in the response here,
129
we can see now it continued to output observation,
130
which is an hallucination and everything else right now.
131
So let me bring this stop token back.
132
And we want now to go and get the response.
133
So the response here is going to be inside the response,
134
inside the message.
135
So we're going to have content field,
136
which everything is going to reside here.
137
So let's add here, .content.
138
Cool. So right now,
139
we don't really have here an AI message
140
because this is here is simply text.
141
It is the response of the LLM,
142
but it's not an AI message object.
143
So let me change this name here to output
144
because this is the output of the LLM.
145
So this is just to make the small distinction.
146
So in the next video, we're going to be continuing
147
to implement the agent loop,
148
and specifically, we're going to be implementing the arrows.
149
So we're going to be implementing the arrow
150
which is going from thought to the final answer.
151
So this is when the LLM has output
152
that it has the final answer.
153
And we're going to implement the arrow
154
which is going to the tool.
155
So this is the arrow which is taking the LLM's answer,
156
parsing it, and then executing the tool.
157
So we're going to be implementing in the next video
158
both of these arrows.

--- Agent Loop With ReAct Prompt ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]

--- [Theory] Understanding Function Calling for LLMs ---

Hey there.
Eden here.
And in this video we're going to introduce the concept of function calling aka tool calling.
And this is strictly a theoretical video.
We're going to be doing some hands on very very soon.
So I just want to introduce the concepts.
So function calling or tool calling refers to the model's ability to produce a structured function call
to an external function with its arguments.
So instead of just generating plain text it's going to generate a well structured answer which is very
easy to parse.
And it's going to appear in a very special place in the response from the LM instead of the generation
content.
Now, it's important to note that function calling is a capability of certain llms.
Not all llms support function calling.
However, these days this is quite a standard of the state of the art models, so you can pretty much
assume that all the big vendors like OpenAI, like anthropic, like Google, when they release a state
of the art model, it's going to support function calling and function calling or tool calling was introduced
back in 2023 by OpenAI, and developers needed to simply provide with the model a list of function definitions,
which includes the names, the parameters, and the descriptions of the functions, and the large language
model can choose to respond by outputting a JSON object, which is going to specify which function to
call and with what arguments if it needs to.
So behind the scenes, this is a model which is fine tuned to detect when a function should be invoked
based on the user's request, and then formats its response as a valid JSON adhering to the function's
schema.
So, for example, if a user is going to ask the LM, what's the weather in Paris to an LM where we
binded the function of get weather?
Then the LM is going to respond with a JSON which has the following information.
The name is going to be get current weather.
The arguments are going to be with the location of Paris and the unit Fahrenheit or Celsius.
And our application could then take this JSON, parse it, and actually go and execute this get current
weather function which should be existing in our application.
And we can then take this response, plug it in back to the LM and continue and so on.
And what was the actual motivation for the LM vendors to implement into the models function?
Calling capabilities is actually the react prompt, which we already saw in the course.
So you might notice that this is not so reliable.
This react prompt.
It sometimes outputs us some bad output, which is hard to parse.
And then our program fails and we can have a lot of problems using this prompt, even though it's very,
very cool, it's not that reliable.
However, function calling is more reliable and more deterministic.
All the heavy lifting is done by the LM vendor.
So all the reasoning and what we get back is a very parsable JSON object, which is very, very easy
to work with.
By the way, in future videos, I do dive deeper into the difference between function calling and the
react prompt, so I really recommend you checking this out.
Anyways, the two main capabilities that function calling gives us is one to connect our LM to external
tools, but the second one is to get structured output from the LM.
So it's going to leverage the LMS reasoning capabilities to extract information in certain fields and
return it in a very organized JSON, just like we wanted.
So we can then convert it into a Pydantic object and we can downstream to our application.
And this is very reliable.
And I actually covered this as well in the course.
All right.
Let's talk about the advantages of using function calling.
So first and foremost we get structured and reliable integration.
So because the model's output is a machine readable JSON file with a specific function name and arguments,
it's very easy to parse it and it's less prone to misinterpretation.
So opposed to the react prompt.
Now this model underneath the hood has been fine tuned to adhere to the function schema strictly, which
is going to reduce random formatting errors like we're used to with the react prompt.
So this structured approach is clean, it's very efficient, and it's going to enable us with a very
powerful and reliable tool usage.
Now another advantage is that it's very easy on the tokens.
So because function calling doesn't output us all the chain of thought that we saw in previous sections,
and we don't really get this high reasoning intensive prompting.
So the model can skip these verbose explanations and directly and only return the function call.
And the only drawback I can see for function calling, which is totally worth it.
By the way, we have opaque reasoning process.
And when the model decides to call a function, it typically does so without exposing its chain of thought.
So the reasoning remains internal to the LLM.
And we as the developers, we see only the final function, the name, the arguments, but we don't
really see the justification and we don't really understand why it did so.
So this function calling becomes more like a black box decision where we don't have any intermediate
rationale which is exposed.
So this can make debugging and auditing the model's decision harder, because we don't really see why
it chose that particular function with those specific arguments.
However, having said that, de facto function calling now is the standard and nobody really uses the
actual react prompt.
They're using the function calling features of Llms.
And today, we're at a point where LLM vendors like OpenAI, like Google, like anthropic, have really
perfected function calling.
And we get really reliable answers with function calling.
I mean, much more reliable than the react prompt, which is going to enable us to build more robust
AI agents and AI applications.

--- Introduction to Retrieval Augmentation Generation (RAG) ---

In this section, we'll dive into the technique which is called retrieval augmentation generation,
also known as Rag.
But before we go and dive into the technical implementation, I want to discuss the motivation for this
technique and what this technique is going to help us achieve.
And what is it solving.
All right.
So let's take the use case that we have a very large document.
And this document has tons of information inside it.
So it may be maybe hundreds of pages.
And in this example I took the book Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, which is a pretty long book.
Now, we might want to ask the LLM questions on this book, and specifically maybe questions focused
on different areas in the book, or maybe specific scenes, maybe specific paragraphs.
So questions, for example, like how to make a certain type of potion where the answer resides in a
very particular paragraph.
This example illustrates a problem regarding to Harry Potter, but it also applies to other fields.
For example, if we have a very large financial document that we want to ask question about, and we
want to find certain clause in that document, and that's where the answer is going to come from.
And this problem is especially important when we're dealing with private data, because large language
models are not trained on these private data, so they are not aware of it.
So because our financial document is private, the LLM doesn't really know anything about it.
So we need to find a way for the LLM to effectively question answer over this document.
So this is the problem that we're solving here.
Now let's talk about the solutions.
Now a very naive solution is going to take the entire book.
Let's say it's a PDF document.
And to simply go and plug everything into our prompt that we sent LN.
So we're going to stuff the LM with the entire book and we are going to ask the question.
So here's the placeholder for the user's question.
And here's a placeholder.
Where are we going to plug the entire book of Harry Potter here.
Now this solution might work some of the times, but it has a lot of problems with it and it doesn't
really scale.
There is an inherent hard limit of how much text we can feed the LM, so if the document is going to
be too long and if this book is going to be too long, we're not going to be able to fit everything
because we're going to exceed the LMS token limits.
And even if we have LMS with 1 million or 2 million token limit, which is quite common these days,
this solution is still not ideal.
It has many other disadvantages.
For example, the LM is going to be much less effective with very long prompts and very long context.
And these have been proven in research.
For example, the needle in the haystack research, which clearly shows that large language models,
even with huge token limits, they get less effective with very long prompts.
There is also the issue for cost, because larger prompts are going to cost us more, and there is a
latency issue because larger prompts are going to take longer to process.
So let's conclude that we have four problems here.
The first problem is that we have a very hard limit.
What we can put in, and is that we have the needle in the haystack problem, which means that the longer
the prompt, the less effective the answer from the LM.
Third, we have the cost issue.
And for and last we have the latency issue here.
All right.
So let's look now on another solution here.
So the second solution is going to require us to add some pre-processing.
And it's going to require us to take the original document.
And doesn't matter how long it is, we're going to be splitting it into smaller chunks.
Now these chunking process can be naive and it can also be complex.
We have a long range of how to do it.
And we're going to be discussing this in the course.
So let's assume now that we have those chunks now ready.
Now in the second solution, instead of plugging in the entire book, we're going to add another step,
which is going to take the user's query, and it's going to find the most relevant chunk for that query.
We're going to plug to the LM call only that relevant chunk, which is the most relevant to the question
here.
So now we are focusing the large language model to answer and to ground the answer only on something
which is the relevant piece of data that is going to answer the question.
So the LLM is going to have a much easier time of answering our question.
So instead of sending the entire book, we are going to send only a specific paragraph or only a couple
of paragraphs here.
And we are going to solve all of the problems we talked about.
We are not going to pass the hard token limit of the LLM because we are sending much smaller piece of
context.
We won't encounter the needle in the haystack problem because we are only sending very, very specific
pieces of text which are the most relevant for the question going to cost less because we're sending
fewer tokens to the large language model.
And of course, the processing time of the LLM is going to be faster because it's going to process less
tokens.
This technique can scale to very large documents, and it can even work with multiple documents here.
Now, it does have its drawbacks.
So it's going to require us to add a pre-processing step to chunk the large documents.
There is a lot of depth into this chunking mechanism.
How do we chunk the document?
What are going to be the tokens that we split the documents from?
How are we going to make sure that each chunk is going to have the relevant data?
And what if we're dealing not with the document but with a code repository?
We need different chunking strategies to different type of documents.
And what if we do not know what is the content of the document.
And we get it dynamically for the user.
So there is a lot of depth in this pre-processing part.
And we are going to be covering this in the course.
Now another downside is that we need to have some kind of searching mechanism to find those relevant
chunks.
And what if those relevant chunks are not that relevant, and we need additional context to send to
the LM to answer the user's query.
In this section, we're going to be answering all of those challenges.
And by the way solution number two that we discussed this is actually rack retrieval augmentation generation.
And what we actually saw.
It was a very high level overview of rack.
Now in rack retrieval is for retrieving the relevant chunks.
Augmentation means that we take our prompt and we augment it with those relevant chunks.
And generation means to simply send to the LM and to use that when we make the query to the LM.
So what we saw in this video is really the motivation and the intuition for what's rack.
So let's go and let's now learn about the implementation itself and learn how to implement this kind
of technique.

--- Introduction to RAG Implementation ---

Hey, guys.
Ethan here.
And today we're going to introduce vector databases, embeddings, text splitters and a lot of cool
stuff.
This part is an introduction to vector databases.
So we're going to introduce some new topics.
In this course we're going to introduce embeddings vector stores.
We're going to be using pinecone.
We're going to introduce the retrieval QA chain and some long chain classes like document loader and
text splitter.
So you can notice that we are introducing a lot of topics.
And those are very important topics when it comes for developing an LLM powered application.
And in the rest of this course we'll see why those are so important.
Now let's begin by talking about long chain document loaders.
Now remember in the introduction video we discussed that long chain is super powerful because it helps
us interact with a lot of third parties.
You can connect your Google Drive and read documents.
From there.
You can connect your Or notion notebook and read your notebooks from there.
Or even your file system.
So there are a lot of documents you could plug in and read by link chain that it's able to digest.
So what link chain actually implemented is a lot of wrappers around those third parties.
That makes it super easy to connect to them and retrieve data from them that we can process with our
LLM.
So this data comes in the form of documents.
That's the terminology in long chain.
And a document is simply something that holds text.
So if we have a PowerPoint presentation it's basically represented with text.
Or if we have a text file of course it's text, it's an image, it's a PDF, whatever.
Everything is text.
And the document loader class is the abstraction that is going to help us use this text data.
We're going to load the data into documents, and we're going to work with documents and send them to
the LM.
So that's how it's going to be.
So it doesn't matter which document we have, if it represents something from the notion notebook or
something from our Google Drive, it doesn't really matter because we are working with an abstract thing
that is called a document.
Now, I know this might seem very abstract, but we're going to see the very implementation of this
and understand exactly what it is.
In this session.
So don't worry about it.
I promise you.
Okay.
Remember that annoying error that limited the number of tokens that we can use in the LM?
So this is quite common actually.
And there are a couple of ways of dealing with this.
We'll show one strategy of this and how to implement it in this session and other strategies.
I elaborate in the theoretical section of this course.
So that's introducing us text splitters.
Basically, when we want to deal with long pieces of text, it's necessary to split it up to chunks.
So it may sound simple to chunk it up.
But there is a lot of complexity when it comes to this, because there are a lot of different files
and there are a lot of different approaches, and we want to keep everything semantically related.
So basically the text splitter will help us split the text into chunks.
And if we want to comprise it later, it will help us to reassemble it together.
We'll see an example of this in this course and even in this session.
So this is very, very useful when we're trying to resolve that token limit because we can split our
text to smaller parts.
And then we have some kind of strategies to get around this token limit, but still process that large
amount of data that we want.
So now I want to show you a cool way of solving this in a very, very elegant solution.
The formal name for this method is called retrieval augmentation generation or in short, Rag.
And the gist of it is that we're taking our original prompt, augmenting it with some relevant context.
And that way the LLM is able to answer the original query when it has the correct context, and we'll
even implement this ourselves end to end in this session.
So stay tuned.
It's going to be very, very cool.
Let's say we have a huge file like a couple of gigs that we want our LLM to process, and we want it
to give us answers about.
For example, let's say it's a book and we want to ask questions about this book because this file is
too big.
Of course, we'll hit the token limit because there are way more than 4K tokens in a book.
And let's say that the question that we want to answer, the answer for it resides in a specific part
in the book or over a couple of parts.
But it's very narrow down and it's in very specific places.
So even if we split up the book into lots of chunks and we'll take one chunk or 2 or 3 chunks together
and send them as a context to the LLM to answer the question, then we'll make a lot of redundant API
calls, because the information for our answer is only in specific kind of chunks.
And if we have five chunks, it's okay.
But what about if we have 1 million chunks?
So if we have 1 million chunks, we'll make a lot of redundant API calls, which will cost us a lot
of money.
So what if there was a way to get with some kind of magic?
The relevant chunks that we need that contain the answer, or have a high probability of containing
the answer and only sending those chunks to the LLM.
So that way we only make a couple of API calls or even one, and we save a lot of money and we get the
response a lot faster and we're not doing any redundant work.
So if that was possible to get those relevant chunks then that would be amazing.
It would save a lot of time, a lot of effort and a lot of resources and a lot of money.
Luckily for us, there is a way to do it.
It's elegant and called retrieval.
Augmentation.
Now it's time to introduce embeddings.
Basically, text embedding is a classic technique, quite old, but super super useful in the natural
language processing world.
The idea is to create a vector space from the text, such that the distance between the vectors in the
space have a certain meaning.
But wait, what's a vector?
A vector is simply a sequence of numbers.
But what's cool about a vector is that it can represent a more complex object like words, sentences,
images, audio files in a continuous high dimensional space called an embedding.
Now, an embedding model you can think of as a black box which receives objects and those are represented
by text does some things to them that outputs them.
This array of numbers, which represents those objects in the vector space, as far as it concerns us,
we don't care about what happens in the embedding model.
All we care about is that text comes in, vectors come out now in good embedding models, takes text
which has similar semantic meaning, and the representing vectors in the vector space are very, very
close together.
You can calculate the distance between each vector to another vector.
Okay, so like in this example, if I have sentence one, which is I want to order an extra large coffee,
I have sentence two.
I'll have a tall coffee and I have sentence three quiero pedir cafe extra grande.
Then in a good embedding, the vectors representing those sentences will be close together in the vector
space or embedding space.
Now it doesn't even matter that those sentences are even not in the same language, because the semantic
meaning here is pretty much the same.
So in their vectors representing them, they'll have a small distance between each other.
Now how do we calculate the distance between the vectors.
It's possible and it's basic math, but it's really, really boring and we don't care about it.
All we need to know is that there are very smart people that did it for us with a lot of optimizations,
and this thing is happening very, very fast.
Now let's take another example that is going to bring us closer to the solution to the problem that
we introduced in the beginning of the video.
Okay.
So we have the text how tall is the Burj Khalifa?
Now the text below is simply a copy paste of the text in Wikipedia describing the Burj Khalifa.
This is the first paragraph.
Now in a good embedding model.
Then if we embed both of those texts, then there will be very similar together in the vector space,
their vectors representing them.
So let's recap a bit about the relevant chunk thingy.
So let's assume for this example that the LLM doesn't really know what is the Burj Khalifa.
It doesn't.
It was not trained on it.
So this information is not available for it and it can't really go online and look for it.
However, if by somehow we are able to get these relevant chunks of data and we'll do that by simply
searching for the vector similar to the query we asked, and it's very easy to do.
In fact, we'll show it very, very soon.
So if we have that, we can simply tell it to the LM.
Hey, I want to know, how tall is the Burj Khalifa?
Here is some information that is going to help you.
Answer me.
Please use this information and answer my question.
Then the LM will have no problem of answering how tall is the Burj Khalifa?
But who will be crazy enough to embed the entire values of Wikipedia?
I mean, that's insane.
That's tons of data.
Well, it turns out there are people who like to do it.
So you can see right here that we have some people that took the values of Wikipedia and embedded them
and represented the paragraphs as vectors.
So now if we want to use it in order to answer questions more accurate, we can do.
So let's say that in the vector space the query that we asked the LLM can be represented by the orange
vector that you see in the square shape.
Cool.
So if there is a way to find its closest neighbors, its closest vectors that have the least amount
of distance to it, then they would provide some very good context.
And if those vectors represent something that it's information and something that is a data source,
then we can take it, send it as the context to the query that we sent to the LLM.
So our prompt will contain our query plus this context information and tell the LLM to use that context
in order to answer the question.
Okay.
So that's the way we really give it those relevant chunks we talked about.
And the vector database is a database that is saving those embeddings, those vectors, and is able
to provide us with no time, the closest vectors to a vector we want.
So it takes the embeddings and it simply persists them and makes it easy for us to use them later.
So now let's recap everything we learned, and let's talk about the example we're trying to solve.
We have the huge file representing the book.
Now this file weighs a lot of gigabytes and it's very large.
We can split it up into chunks and large chain is helping us to do it very, very easily.
So we took the huge file of a couple of gigs, and we split it for thousands or millions of chunks of
text.
Now we can take all of these chunks and embed them using an embedding model and turn them into a vector
that each vector represents the chunk.
So each vector is going to be a list of numbers, which is going to represent that given chunk that
was embedded.
Now we can take those embeddings Settings and save them into a vector database like pinecone, for example.
Now, if you want to ask a question about the book, we can take that question as the query, embed
it into a vector, place it into the vector space where all the embeddings of the book of the chunks
of the book exist.
And now we can calculate what are the closest vectors to the query vector that we embedded.
So those vectors are semantically close to our query vector.
And that's what is representing those relevant chunks we talked about.
So now we can simply send this context of the relevant chunks with our query in our prompt.
Okay.
So we can plug it all in together.
We'll send it to the LLM.
And the final prompt will be what did John do to Alice in the book.
And then we'll send it in the context, the specific chunks that have this answer that have this information.
And then the LLM will be easily able to answer us this question.
And now let's take a deep breath and digest everything we just talked about.
I know it's a lot.
Now don't worry if you didn't understand everything.
It's okay.
It's a lot of information.
I do suggest to watch this video one more time, but don't worry, because we will be implementing everything
we've talked about and see how it's implemented in long chain.
So let's have a recap of what we discussed in this session.
So it was a very theoretical discussion on the following topics.
But don't worry because now we're going to implement everything.
Now I know it sounds scary, but the fact is it's actually quite simple.
And once you see the code, which you can glance at it right now, you'll see that it is very simple
in that long chain is performing a lot of heavy lifting for us.
This is why chain is so, so cool.
So in the next videos, we're going to be implementing all of what we've discussed.
And we'll be putting it to practice into the implementation.
So stay tuned.

--- Medium Analyzer- Boilerplate Project Setup ---

1
Hey there, Eden here,
2
and in this video we are going to do some boilerplate setup
3
and we're going to set up the environment for this project
4
where we are going to be showing an entire RAG pipeline
5
from ingestion to retrieval.
6
So let's go and let's set up our environment.
7
So here I'm in the LangChain repository
8
and the branch we're going to be working on,
9
on this section is called project/rag-gist.
10
This is here the project
11
and hopefully I'm going to be adding
12
a much nicer readme file that is going to explain
13
what's happening here.
14
Anyways, here we can see this entire code,
15
which we're going to be implementing.
16
And what's interesting is to go here to this commit list.
17
And here we're going to see every commit
18
for every lesson that we're going to be having now.
19
Now I want to go now to the first commit,
20
which you can see right over here
21
where I added a bunch of files
22
and this is going to be our starting point.
23
So we want to go and clone the repository
24
and switch to this branch of RAG gist
25
and specifically to go to this commit.
26
So let's go and let me open up a terminal
27
and let me go and cd into desktop.
28
So now let's go to the repository and let's go
29
and copy here the URL of the repository
30
and let's go and write git clone
31
and then paste here, this repository.
32
So now we can see, we cloned the repository.
33
Let's cd into langchain- course. This is the repo.
34
And here now I want, let's clear it out.
35
So now let's go and switch to the branch that we want
36
in the exact commit of the initialization.
37
So let me write git checkout -b.
38
That branch is going to be project/rag-gist.
39
Now here we want to paste in
40
the hash of the commit we want to go to.
41
So let's go now to the branch rag-gist to the commit list
42
and let's go and we want this initial commit.
43
So let me go and copy this hash and let me paste it
44
and we switch to a new branch project/rag-gist.
45
So now let me fire up cursor
46
and we can see cursor now is with the default configuration.
47
So let me open the sidebar
48
and here we can see we have all the files here.
49
And if I'm going to go and click here this icon
50
and we now have all the GIT information.
51
And we can see now we are in the commit of initial commit.
52
So this is exactly where we want to be here.
53
So let's examine now the files
54
and let's see what's happening here.
55
So we have the git ignore file
56
for files we do not want to commit
57
and to track in our GitHub repository.
58
Let's make sure that we have here .env. This is good.
59
And here we can see we have the Python version I'm using.
60
Here we have a boilerplate for the ingestion.py file.
61
And notice here we have here an error.
62
And this is because we haven't yet configured the cursor IDE
63
to the virtual environment
64
that is going to have all the packages installed.
65
We're going to do it very, very soon.
66
Here we have a medium blog that I put here as a TXT file
67
and I simply went to Google,
68
simply search for what is a vector db medium
69
and went to this Medium blog here.
70
I'm going to link everything
71
in the videos resource of course,
72
and I simply took all of the text here and pasted it.
73
So this is what I did here.
74
So this is an article regarding vector databases
75
and now this is its text format.
76
So let's go now and check out the pyproject.toml file.
77
And here we have a list of all the dependencies
78
for this project.
79
So let's review them for a second.
80
We have black, we have isort for formatting
81
and we're going to install langchain.
82
And don't worry about these versions.
83
We are going to be installing
84
a much later version of langchain,
85
which currently is version 1.2
86
at the point of filming the video.
87
However, when you are going to be installing it,
88
you're probably going to have a new version
89
and I want to promise you
90
we're going to be having up-to-date code
91
and I'm going to refill the videos if needed.
92
So I do this continuously.
93
Actually this video is a refill.
94
Anyways, we are going to need langchain community
95
for community contributed code.
96
And for here we're going to be using it
97
for a certain document loader that we're going to be using.
98
We want to use langchain-OpenAI.
99
This is the vendor I'm using now for the embeddings model
100
and for the LLM we're going to be writing.
101
Of course you can choose any LLM you want.
102
Here we are installing langchain-pinecone
103
and this is the integration
104
of the pinecone managed vector store,
105
which we are going to be using in this section.
106
And we have here langchain hub.
107
Actually we don't really need it, so don't worry about it.
108
And we have here python-dotenv.
109
So this is going to help us load the environment variables.
110
And here we have the uv.lock file
111
with all of the exact langchain versions
112
that I installed when recording it.
113
Alright, so now let me go and actually delete this file
114
because I want now to create it again
115
to have the latest versions at least at the moment.
116
And here it's December 15th, 2025.
117
You're probably going to have new versions.
118
So let me open the terminal and here let me write uv lock.
119
And this is going to take the TOML file
120
and it's going to create a new lock file
121
with all the new packages and dependencies that we need.
122
Let's go and look for langchain.
123
And here we can see the langchain version is 1.2.0.
124
And this is good and this is currently the latest versions.
125
All right, so the uv.lock file
126
has only the information about the package.
127
We want to install them also in our virtual environment.
128
So let me write uv sync.
129
And this is going to be installing all the dependencies
130
from the uv.lock file.
131
And you can see right over here,
132
it created a .venv directory, which is untracked by Git
133
because of our gitignore file.
134
And now we installed all the dependencies
135
in a new virtual environment.
136
So if I'm going to open a new instance
137
of the terminal in cursor,
138
it's going to automatically load
139
this new virtual environment.
140
So this is great.
141
Let's go now back to the ingestion.py file.
142
However, here we can see we still have an error
143
and this is because we haven't yet configured the IDE.
144
So let's go and configure the IDE
145
to the virtual environment.
146
So, inside the virtual environment
147
I'm going to write which Python3.
148
And this is going to output the path
149
to the interpreter with all the dependencies installed.
150
So I'm going to copy it.
151
Let's me go command+shift+P,
152
let me go write select interpreter
153
and here I want to enter an interpreter path.
154
And here I want to select the recommended interpreter
155
and we can see it fixes the issue.
156
If it cause you problem,
157
you should go and write Command+Shift+P
158
and in the select interpreter,
159
you can enter the path to the interpreter we copied.
160
Let's now run everything as a sanity check
161
and we can see it's printing this ingestion.
162
Let's go now and create a .env file.
163
And here we're going to be storing
164
all the environment variables and all of our API keys.
165
So let me paste in my OpenAI API key
166
like we did in previous sessions
167
and do not worry about my API key.
168
Of course, I'm going to revoke every API key you see here
169
after I finish filming this video.
170
And let me now paste
171
all the LANGSMITH related environment variables.
172
So we have the LANGSMITH_API_key for the tracing.
173
We have LANGSMITH_PROJECT RAG GIST
174
so we can see it in the LANGSMITH UI.
175
And we have LANGSMITH_TRACING=true.
176
So now we want to go and configure our vector store.
177
So we are going to be using pinecone.
178
And Pine Cone is a managed vector store,
179
which is cloud-based.
180
And in the future videos we're also going to see
181
open source alternatives and pinecone have a free tier,
182
so it's more than enough for this course.
183
So let me now open up my browser
184
and let me go to pinecone.io.
185
And here let me go and log in.
186
Alright, so here we are in a place where we can see
187
all of my indexes.
188
Of course you should have an empty indexes directory.
189
So I want to go now and create a new index.
190
Let's call this index medium-bogs-embeddings-index.
191
And you can call it in any name you want.
192
We are going to configure it in the environment file.
193
So let's go now and in the configuration
194
we have custom settings
195
and here we can enter manually the dimension
196
of the vector store.
197
So this is the lengths of the vectors
198
that are going to be stored.
199
And we can see we have a bunch of vector types,
200
we have Dense, we have Sparse, we're going to go with Dense.
201
And we have here the metrics.
202
So those are the metrics to calculate
203
the similarity between vectors.
204
We have COSINE which is the default.
205
We have Euclidean, we have dotproduct
206
and we will be elaborating on that later in this course.
207
And this is if you want to go with custom settings.
208
What I like to do is I want to go and find
209
the embeddings model that I'm using.
210
And here we are going to be using at least me in the video
211
text-embedding-3-small by OpenAI.
212
And here we can see this is the default configuration
213
and here we can see the dimension is 512
214
and I'm going to select it to be 1536
215
because I want it to hold more information.
216
So the longer the vector, the more information,
217
semantic information and semantic meaning it can hold.
218
So this is the general rule of thumb.
219
And here in the capacity mode
220
I'm going to go with serverless.
221
We have also an option to have dedicated read notes
222
and maybe I'll dive into vector store configurations
223
in later sections.
224
Here we have the cloud provider.
225
Now I do not care which cloud provider
226
I am running for this tutorial.
227
However, for enterprises who has compliance
228
and privacy restrictions,
229
they sometimes want to run on a certain cloud provider
230
and pinecone supports the major three providers.
231
We can also choose the region
232
which our vector store is going to be deployed.
233
I'm going to go with the default one.
234
Here, we can see we have also in Ireland, in Oregon,
235
and this is important
236
when we deploy an application to production.
237
We want our vector store to usually be in the same region
238
as our RAG application
239
because our RAG application is going to be making requests
240
to the vector store.
241
And if it's not in the same region
242
then we're going to have egress cost.
243
Anyways, I do not want to complicate things right now.
244
We're going to be discussing those kinds of trade-offs
245
in the production section of this course.
246
And I'm going to go and create this index.
247
So right now we can see that the index is created.
248
So let me go and copy here this name
249
and let me write here the environment variable of index name
250
and let me paste it in.
251
And I also want to go and create an API key and use it.
252
So here I have my already created API keys.
253
Let me go and create a new API key.
254
Let me call it rag-gist-video and let me copy it
255
and let me go and paste it
256
under the name of PINECONE_API_KEY.
257
Now the name PINECONE_API_KEY here is important
258
because this is what langchain is going to be looking for
259
when it's going to be using
260
the langchain pinecone integration.
261
So it's going to be looking for the environment viable
262
with this exact name.
263
Cool, so let's go now to the ingestion file.
264
And now let me go and write print
265
and let's see that we managed to successfully load
266
all the environment variables.
267
So for example, let me go
268
and access OS ENVIRON 'PINECONE_API_KEY'
269
and let me run it and we can see we get here an error.
270
This is because I did not save the .env file.
271
Let me save it and now let me run it again.
272
Boom. We can see it's now printing it.
273
Cool. So we finished initializing our environment.
274
This was the boring part of the course
275
and in the next video we are going to ingest our blog here.
276
So we are going to run the ingestion pipeline,
277
which is going to take our blog,
278
it's going to chunk it up into smaller pieces of text,
279
it's then going to embed every piece of text
280
and turn it into a vector.
281
And then we are going to take those vectors
282
and we are going to store all of them
283
in the PINECONE Vector store.

--- Medium Analyzer- Class Review: TextLoader,TextSplitter,OpenAIEmbeddings,Pinecone ---

Eden: Hey there, Eden here,
and in this part, we are going to implement LangChain code
to ingest our medium blog into our vector store.
It's going to include taking our data
and loading it into a LangChain document object,
split this object
with a LangChain text splitter into smaller chunks,
going to embed those chunks and turn them into vectors,
and then we're going to store those vectors
in the Pinecone vector store.
And now this may sound a lot,
but actually in LangChain it would only take us
a couple of lines of code.
And that's what's cool about LangChain.
It saves us a lot of boilerplate code.
This video will include the imports
and the LangChain objects that we'll be working with.
And the following video will include
the ingestion implementation.
And let's start by importing from LangChain,
the text loader.
So when we talk to LLMs, we send them data
and that data is text.
So the text can be something that we write to the prompt,
but we can attach to it some other things like
what if we want to process something
on our WhatsApp messages
or if we want to download some PDF files
and process them,
or if we want to do something with a Notion notebook.
So all of those elements I described earlier
are simply text, but they have different formats
and different semantic meaning.
So the document loaders are actually classes implementations
of how to load and process data
in order to make it digestible by the large language model.
So to be honest, it's pretty easy to understand.
So I don't mind getting my hands dirty
and going inside this repo and reviewing the source code.
So this is the LangChain Python implementation.
It's a GitHub repository, which is public,
so you can easily find it online.
I also list it in the course's resource.
So if I'll head up and I'll go to the LangChain directory.
And right over there there is this directory
which is called document_loaders.
So inside it is the entire implementation
of all the document loaders.
So for example, here is the WhatsApp document loader
and if we'll go up there is the text document loader
under the text.py file.
So you can see this is the entire implementation
of the text document loader, which we're going to use.
So all we're doing right now is simply taking a file path,
opening it up like we would usually open a file in Python,
attaching some metadata that is going to hold the source,
which is going to be equal to the file path of the file.
And that's pretty much it.
We wrap it inside a list and return it.
So nothing novel here, nothing special.
Simply an easy wrapper that helps us abstract things
and you'll see it later because we will have the same
interface for all documents.
So let's check out what's happening
with the WhatsApp document loader.
Let's see its implementation.
So I'm going to go back
and I'll go head up to the downside of this document.
And yeah, this is the WhatsApp chat loader.
Now here we're also loading a file, which is the text file
that represent our WhatsApp chat.
And all we are doing right now is simply opening up the file
like we did with the regular text loader,
then using some regular expressions to extract the names
of the sender, of the receiver, the text,
and the date that it was sent.
And simply concatenate one row
after another who sent which row.
So it's simply taking the file, loading it,
doing its formatting and returning it as is.
So basically we're making the data
more ingestible by the LLM.
So it's super, super easy to use
and there are tons of implementations of different file
and document loaders that we can use to our disposal.
So that's what makes LangChain so great
that it has all this variety of options that we can choose
to handle our documents.
We can handle documents of any kind, of WhatsApp,
of Google Drive, of Notion, of PDF, whatever we want,
LangChain can help the LLM digest it
in the best possible way.
Cool, so let's go back to the code
and now let's import the character text splitter.
Now text splitters are here to help us
with long pieces of text.
Those texts have tons of tokens inside them
and if we'll send them directly to the LLM,
then our request will probably fail
because it surpassed the token limitation
the model enforces.
So for example, in the GPT-3.5,
we have 4K tokens limitation.
So to conclude, the text splitter
allows us to take text which is large
and to split it into chunk.
Now to be honest, text splitters
have a lot of logic in there
because there are a lot of splitting strategies
and there are a lot of smart ways to do it
with calculating the appropriate chunk size.
Now the chunk size is not trivial
because it may change according to
what we want to accomplish.
Now this is different to the LLM we're choosing
and to the different embedding system,
but we'll cover it later in this course.
In the meantime, let's take a look at the documentation
of the character text splitter.
Now notice that we give it the separator
that we want to separate and we supply the chunk size.
Now here it's the size of 1000 tokens
and the chunk overlap.
The chunk overlap parameter specifies the amount of overlap
between the chunks when we split the text
into smaller parts.
This overlap can be super helpful
to ensure that the text isn't split up in a way
that disturbs the context or the meaning.
The length function is usually len
and it helps LangChain to determine the chunk size.
Now sometimes you want to do it with tokens
and there are special functions we can write
that help us find out how many tokens our chunk having.
Alright, let's now import our embeddings object
and we'll use OpenAI embeddings.
Now I remind you that an embedding model or encoder
or whatever you want to call it, is simply a black box,
which takes in inputs as text
and outputs vectors in an embedding's vector space.
So I have a text that I want to embed.
How do I actually do it?
Well, a lot of embedding providers simply exposed to us
an API slash embed that we can use
where we send the text and get back the vector.
There are a lot of models that aspire to create
a good and smart embedding, the one of OpenAI,
the last of them text-embedding-ada-002,
is a very good one
because in embedding
there is a great significance for the price.
Sometimes you embed an entire database
and if a certain model is cheaper
then it's much better to use.
So de facto, the text-embedding-ada-002
is cheaper by 98% than their last one.
So if we return back to the import of OpenAI embedding,
then the whole idea
of text embedding models in LangChain
is to create a uniform interface for us
to access different embeddings
from different embeddings providers.
So it doesn't matter if we're using Cohere, Hugging Face,
OpenAI, it doesn't really matter who are we using.
We have the same interface.
So switching between a one to another
is pretty straightforward with just changing a parameter.
So that's the entire abstraction of the embeddings.
And here we are going to use the OpenAI embeddings.
Okay, we're getting closer to the end of the video.
That's good because it's a long video.
So now we're importing Pinecone.
Now we talked about embeddings that we create from the text,
the vectors.
We need to store those vectors somewhere.
We need persistent storage.
We want the ability to search in the vector space
for closest vectors of the current one.
We also want to be able to add new vectors
to the vector space.
So all of this is being handled by the vector databases
that does all the work for us.
Now, an excellent vector database
that has recently gone viral is called Pinecone
and we'll be exploring and using Pinecone in these videos.
It has a free tier,
so don't worry about spending a lot of money.
And that's all for our imports.
And in the next video,
we will be implementing the ingestion.

--- Medium Analyzer- Ingestion Implementation ---

1
Hey, there.
2
Eden here, and quick update before we dive in.
3
So you might notice in this video that I'm going
4
to be using PyCharm, and you'll see a peep file
5
and peep file.log in the project.
6
And that's because in this particular video was recorded
7
in earlier versions of the course.
8
Now, I've gone through
9
and rerecorded almost every single video
10
to keep everything up to date with the latest versions
11
of LangChains and the other libraries
12
we're going to be using.
13
However, in this specific lesson,
14
the code is exactly the same.
15
It hasn't changed at all.
16
So rather than rerecord something that's identical,
17
I kept this one as is.
18
Now, that being said, if this really bothers you,
19
just let me know and drop a comment or send me a message.
20
This video is on my list to rerecord,
21
but I've got a lot of other updates
22
and new content I'm working on, so I'm prioritizing things
23
that actually affect your learning.
24
All right, so now that is out of the way.
25
Let's get into it.
26
Let's review the file that we're going to ingest.
27
So this is the medium block.
28
Now, let's initialize the text loader.
29
So I'm going to create a text loader object
30
and I'm going to give it the path of the file we want
31
to load, and you need to change this path to match the path
32
where it's saved in your file system.
33
And then all we need
34
to do is simply use the method loader.load.
35
Now, this would load the file into a LangChain document.
36
Now, the beautiful thing about this abstraction
37
is that if we were to use WhatsApp
38
for loading WhatsApp messages or Notion for Notion Notebooks
39
or Google Drive files, then the interface would be the same.
40
Would need to create the document loader specifically
41
for that third party
42
and we would need to use the load method.
43
I just want to show you how rich this ecosystem is.
44
If we'll head up to the LangChain documentation
45
into the document loader section, we can see
46
that on the left side we have some document loaders
47
that LangChain implemented.
48
So those are for generic file types like CSV,
49
HTML, JSON, PDF.
50
But if we go to integration,
51
and this is a part of LangChain community
52
because everyone from the community can upload
53
a third party loader, then we'll see that we have tons
54
of document loaders.
55
Now, let's take an example, and let's say that we want
56
to load some YouTube transcripts.
57
So the interface is going to be the same
58
to simply use the loader.load.
59
If we wanted to load Slack messages,
60
we can use the Slack loader,
61
and use the loader.load.
62
So this is a very nice abstraction in my opinion,
63
and you can really see the power of the community
64
with the amount of loaders that we have.
65
Cool.
66
Co we've loaded the document,
67
so now it's time to split it into chunks.
68
But before that, let's just run everything in debug
69
and let's examine all the objects.
70
But before we begin, I just want to note that some of you,
71
depending where you live
72
and what kind of encoder your operating system uses,
73
you might get an error.
74
So this error is going to be looking like this.
75
So it's going to have the string
76
of unicode error in codec can't decode bytes.
77
Here is another example of this error.
78
And luckily for us, fixing it is very, very easy.
79
You need to add the flag of encoding
80
equals to the string of UTF-8.
81
And if that doesn't work for you, you can use the flag
82
of auto detect encoding equals true.
83
So one of these flags should definitely fix your issue.
84
However, for most people,
85
everything should be fine even without those flags
86
like for me in the video.
87
So we can examine the text loader object
88
and we can have a look in all the metadata
89
we initialize this object with, like the file path,
90
and we can use different encoding systems if you want to.
91
After we invoke the loader.load method,
92
then we get back a list of LangChain documents.
93
So let's examine the document variable,
94
and we can see it contains a list of only one document.
95
And all the elements
96
of that list are documents of LangChain.
97
Now, every document has a couple of key attributes.
98
So one of them is page contact.
99
So it's all the content that we loaded.
100
We also have the metadata field,
101
and this field is going to hold by default the source
102
of this document.
103
So we can see now the sources the file path.
104
And this is used when we use reg to say
105
where we got that information for,
106
and where did we ground the LMS answer with.
107
So it is super important.
108
And we can add to this metadata field any key
109
and value that we want.
110
And this could be used for filtering later
111
or for segregation of data.
112
And this is very useful when we deploy things to production
113
and we implement more advanced reg systems.
114
All righty.
115
Let's go and split some text,
116
and we're going to create a character text splitter object.
117
And the character text splitter object is something
118
which can be very complex.
119
It can use regular expressions,
120
it can use a different length function to count the number
121
of tokens that we're splitting it for,
122
and it has a lot of customizations.
123
But in this example, we just want
124
to show you the principle of how it works.
125
So we're just going to populate two arguments.
126
Chunk size, we're going to set for 1,000.
127
So this will limit our chunk size
128
to 1,000 characters.
129
And why did I choose 1,000 for the chunk size?
130
So this is a heuristic.
131
And a rule thumb when chunking
132
is to keep the chunk size small enough
133
so it would fit in the context window.
134
And the context window usually is going
135
to be holding a couple of chunks
136
because we're going to retrieve a couple
137
of chunks from the documents, and it should be big enough.
138
So if we would read it as human beings, we would know
139
what these chunk means, and it has a value
140
and semantic meaning.
141
So if the chunk size would be too small,
142
we simply won't understand anything from it
143
and it won't help the LLM give us the answer that we want.
144
So this is a rule of thumb.
145
And here in this example I've used 1,000.
146
And splitting text to chunks
147
and document to chunks is still super important,
148
even when we have models like Gemini,
149
which can ingest 1 million tokens,
150
because in LLMs there is a very nice another rule of thumb,
151
which means garbage in, garbage out.
152
So if we send the LLMA lot of information,
153
which is not relevant, so first thing it's going
154
to cost us money because the more tokens we send,
155
the more tokens the LLM digest, then it costs us more money.
156
And second, it's proven that we'll get worse results.
157
So if we just use the relevant context
158
and the relevant chunks,
159
then we will get better results from the LLM.
160
Now, let's talk about trunk overlap, and I've put here zero.
161
Now, this means that all of my chunks are not going
162
to have overlapping data.
163
So when is overlapping data useful?
164
So it's when we don't want to use context between chunks.
165
So sometimes that will help as well.
166
But again, this is a simple example.
167
So we just want to keep things simple
168
and to give those values.
169
Let's create the chunks from our medium blog.
170
So we want to invoke the function,
171
the method split documents,
172
which receives a list of documents.
173
So the variable document is actually holding a list
174
of LangChain documents
175
with one document.
176
Let's debug and examine all the LangChain objects.
177
So we'll first start by examining the text splitter,
178
and we can see all the fields that it has,
179
and it has the chunk size, chunk overlap,
180
and it also has a separator.
181
So on what it's going to split the text.
182
So here is Backslash and Backslash.
183
And now let's go and examine texts.
184
So those are the chunks.
185
Now notice, chunks are still documents.
186
So those are documents,
187
but if we'll take a look, for example, about the value
188
of the of those documents, we can see it's limited here.
189
So it's much smaller, and here is for 1,000 characters.
190
And we can also have the metadata of the document.
191
So what is the source that it came from?
192
Now, remember the rule of thumb
193
is that you should read the content of the chunks
194
and it should make sense and has a semantic value.
195
And we got a system message from LangChain indicating
196
that some of those chunks
197
are having more than 1,000 characters,
198
more than the token limit.
199
So this is because we were splitting on Backslash + N
200
and it's not exact science,
201
so we might get bigger chunks.
202
But again, those numbers are pretty small,
203
and in today's context windows of LLMs
204
of 32K, 100K, 1 million tokens,
205
then this is not as much as important
206
as it used to be in the past.
207
And at the end we can see we created 20 chunks.
208
All right.
209
So now it's time to ingest everything.
210
We'll initialize an OpenAI embeddings object
211
and give it the open API key
212
that we get from our environment variable.
213
And this will give us the embeddings object.
214
Now, which embeddings we're going to be using of OpenAI?
215
So the default one is ada-002,
216
and we can change it if we want, for example,
217
multimodal embeddings or if we want other embeddings.
218
And this object will under the hood
219
will create an OpenAI client
220
and it's going to use the OpenAI's API
221
in order to embed our documents.
222
Let's add a print that we're going to ingest all
223
of those chunks,
224
and now let's ingest them.
225
And the Pinecone Vector stores has a from documents method.
226
And not only the Pinecone Vector stores,
227
but any LangChain vector store.
228
And it's going to receive text, which is a list
229
of documents, the embeddings object,
230
which have all the information
231
of the embeddings model do we want to use,
232
and the index name
233
that we have available in our environment variable.
234
And what LangChain is going to do, it's going to iterate
235
through all of the documents, all of the chunks, it's going
236
to embed each and every one of them,
237
and then it's going to store it in the vector store.
238
Now, can we write it ourselves this logic?
239
It's not that complicated.
240
So the answer is yes, we can.
241
But what if later we need to switch
242
between embeddings models
243
and maybe even to switch a vector store?
244
Line Chain offers one single interface that is going
245
to help us with this task
246
of ingesting documents into vector stores.
247
So it give us a lot of flexibility of moving between models
248
and finding the best one for us to use.
249
Another reason is that LangChain also implements
250
using threading, using a Async I/O
251
in order to run things concurrently
252
and to handle rate limits in case we get one of them.
253
So it has a lot of boilerplate support
254
for a production usage.
255
And this is the LangChains implementation,
256
in case you were wondering.
257
Let's go to add texts.
258
And we can see over here the logic that we simply iterate
259
through the text, create the embeddings,
260
and then we insert them into the vector store.
261
So we can do this in batches,
262
we can run this asynchronously.
263
And this is pretty much it.
264
It's pretty straightforward.
265
A lot of code
266
that we would've needed to write ourselves.
267
And this is also supported by all vector stores.
268
Cool.
269
We're almost finished.
270
We just need to add another print line
271
that we finished ingesting the documents.
272
And now let's run everything.
273
So I just want to show you that my index is empty,
274
so we can see medium blogs,
275
embeddings index is empty at the moment.
276
And let's run our ingestion file.
277
Boom, we're done.
278
Let's go to Pinecone.
279
Let's refresh the user interface.
280
And we can see at the right side over here
281
that we have ingested 20 vectors.
282
Let's have a look on the data structure
283
that is stored in Pinecone.
284
So it has the field of text, which is going
285
to be our page content of our LangChain document.
286
And this is the chunk content.
287
It also has the sources,
288
and this is going to be our path of our chunk,
289
and this is to give us proof
290
of where did our grounding came from?
291
And of course we have the vector,
292
which is a list of numbers.
293
And to summarize this video, we use LangChain
294
to load our documents with the text loaders.
295
We split them with the tech splitter into smaller chunks.
296
We then took the embeddings model
297
and LangChain help us embed all of those chunks
298
and store them into the vector store.
299
So this was the ingestion part
300
to populate our vector database,
301
and this is the first part of Reg.
302
And the second part is the retrieval.
303
So it's taking the user's question, embedding it,
304
turning it into a vector, then using the vector store
305
to find those relevant vectors,
306
which are the relevant documents,
307
and this is the relevant context.
308
Then taking the original question, augmenting it
309
with the chunks, and then sending everything to the LLM
310
to get back the answer we want when it's grounded
311
with relevant context.

--- RECAP ---

Hey there, Eden here.
And we are done with the data indexing.
And in the next couple of videos we are going to dive deep and we're going to be discussing the retrieval
part of our pipeline.
So in the retrieval part we're going to be taking the user's query.
We're going to embed it into a vector.
And then we're going to ask from the vector database to bring us the top k chunks which are the most
similar to our question vector.
So those relevant chunks with the original user query, that's eventually what's going to go to the
LLM.
And this is what's going to generate the answer, which is going to be grounded in the information we
wanted in just a quick heads up, because LinkedIn has changed a lot since I made this course.
The next couple of videos you're about to watch were refilmed.
So I deleted the old recordings and I rerecorded everything to be up to date with the latest version.
That is why the IDE I'm going to be using now is going to be cursor, and the package manager is going
to be UV and not Pipenv.
And I just want to clarify that all the code we wrote so far is still the best practice when it comes
to the latest version, so it didn't change at all.
All the ingestion part.
What significantly changed was the retrieval part, and this is why I rerecorded the following videos.
And by the way, I do plan to rerecord the first videos with cursor and with the UV package manager,
so everything is going to be smoother.
So please forgive me for this minor inconvenience.
At the moment I'm really trying to do my best to keep this course up to date.

--- Medium Analyzer- Naive Retrieval Implementation Implementation ---

All right.
So let's go and implement our retrieval pipeline.
So I'm going to start by creating a main.py file.
And here is going to be the retrieval part of our project here.
So let's go now and start with the imports and the initialization of the object that we'll be using.
And let's start.
So first I want to import the OS module because we're going to be accessing environment variables.
And now let's go and import load env because we're going to be loading all the environment variables
from the env file over here.
Let's go now and import from the chat prompt template.
Because this is what's going to form the react prompt we're going to be using.
We want to import human message.
This is what is going to be invoking the pipeline.
And let's go and import from OpenAI the chat OpenAI for our ML model and OpenAI embeddings for our embeddings
modules, which we covered in the previous section.
And also let's go and import like previously explained, the pine cone vector store.
And let's start with the initialization of all of the objects.
So first we want to load all the environment variables.
And let's now go and print initializing components.
So now we're going to be initializing every one of those objects here.
So let me go now and run everything as a sanity check.
And we can see we are printing this indeed.
Cool.
So let's start with initializing OpenAI embeddings.
And let's also initialize the LLM.
And here we're using the link chain OpenAI defaults.
And we'll see which LLM is going to be using.
Let's go now and initialize our vector store object.
So in order to initialize it we need to give it the index name which we created earlier in the videos.
And we need to give it the embeddings module, very similar to what we did in the previous video.
And now we want to use this vector store and we want to use its searching capabilities.
So we want to be able to make similarity searches to find these relevant contexts in direct pipeline.
So if earlier let's go to the ingestion.py file we use the from document method.
Let's go back now to main.py.
Now we want to go and we want to take this vector store.
And it has a method which is called as retriever.
And this function is going to return us.
Let's go and open the docs here.
It's going to return us an object of vector store retriever.
So this vector store retriever from link chain I'm not going to go too deep into this in this section
right now, but it's going to give us a vector store with searching capabilities that the vendors of
the vector store implemented.
And eventually these vector store retriever class is going to have this searching capability.
It's going to have a search function, which we're going to be using now.
So when we initialize it we're going to give it search queries.
K equals three.
So this means every time we want to search in the vector store and get those relevant chunks those relevant
contexts.
I want to be limiting it to only three top documents that are going to be used.
So if there are maybe ten relevant documents, it's going to sort them by order of importance of what's
the most relevant and what's the least relevant.
And I want to take the top three.
And let me now go and initialize the prompt template here.
So I'm going to initialize it with a very simple prompt.
But it's a very powerful prompt.
The prompt goes as follows.
Answer the question based only on the following context.
Here we have the placeholder for the context.
Here we have the original question of the user and provide a detailed answer.
So this context here.
This is going to be the augmentation part of our prompt.
So the question here is going to be our original prompt.
And this is going to be the augmentation.
So from the retrieval augmentation generation of Rag.
And now let's go and implement a very simple auxiliary function.
So we want to implement format docs which is going to receive docs which are going to be linked in documents.
And this function is going to take the documents that were retrieved from the vector store, and it's
simply going to format them nicely into a nice string.
So you can see all that it's doing.
It's going to iterate through all the documents.
This is the for loop over here.
Every document we saw before has a page content.
So we're going to take this page content which is a string.
And we are simply going to append newlines before it.
So if we have a bunch of documents we're simply going to format them as one string.
And this one string is eventually what's going to be sent here to this context, right?
So those are all the initialization of the objects, and those are all the building blocks that we're
going to be using now.
Cool.
So now let's go try to run everything.
Let's see that everything is going to be initialized.
Cool.
We didn't get any error.
This was a sanity check.
Cool.
So now let's go and use our main runner here.
Now I wrote if name equals main, we're going to be print retrieving.
And the query is going to be what is pinecone in machine learning.
So first let me go and show you what we're going to get if we're not going to be using rag.
So here I pasted a raw invocation which is simply going to use the LM.
It's going to send it in the human message, the content of the query, which is what is pinecone in
machine learning.
And then it's going to print it.
So let's go and let me show you what we're going to be getting.
So this is a raw invocation.
We are not using rag.
So here we can see the answer.
A pinecone algorithm is a method used in machine learning to search for the best configuration hyperparameters.
This is not the answer that we want, because we want to talk about pinecone as the vector store.
All right.
And let me even go to links.
Let's go to our links project here that I initialized.
Here we have the chain.
What is pinecone in machine learning.
And here we can see the answer.
By the way the model that we're using is GPT 3.5 turbo.
So just for the sake of it let's go and change here the model.
Let's try to use model GPT 5.2.
Now we can see the answer.
Python is a managed vector store database using machine learning to store index.
Okay.
So this is a nice answer.
So this is like the answer we wanted.
And by the way the difference here and this is by the way one of the motivations of using Rag because
GPT 5.2 was trained in 2025 and pinecone was much established by then.
So we had lots of documents and lots of training data on pinecone as the vector store.
And before that it was not so GPT 3.5.
As we saw before, it hallucinated the answer.
This is also something interesting to see.
Cool.
So now let's go and use a chat.
OpenAI with GPT 3.5.
And we saw what was the answer without using Rag.
And now let's go and implement the Rag pipeline with all the building blocks.
All right.
So now let's go and implement the retrieval part of our pipeline.
So first let me define a function which is called retrieval chain without link chain expression language.
And this is a function which is going to receive a string, and it's going to return us a response of
the LM.
The way we're going to be implementing now is without using linked chain expression language, and this
is simply to show you the flow and to show you what's happening under the hood.
And this is to show you how we can do it without link chain and how it's going to be looking like.
So let's go and start and implement this.
And this is the most naive implementation.
After we're going to be doing that, we are going to implement it with linked chain expression language,
which is going to yield us with a much more elegant solution and much more capabilities.
So here in the description this is going to be a simple retrieval chain.
It's not going to be really a chain.
It's simply going to be a bunch of function invocations.
And here we're going to manually retrieve the documents.
We're going to manually format them.
And we're going to generate the answer.
So in this implementation we have a bunch of limitations which are going to be solved.
In this video we are going to invoke everything manually.
We don't have any streaming support.
We don't have any async support.
It's hard to take these and compose it in other chains.
And this is going to be error prone and it's going to be harder to maintain.
And we're going to see how we're going to be solving every one of those limitations in the length chain
expression language implementation, which is going to be in this video.
So the first thing we want to do is we want to take the user query the question, what is pinecone in
machine learning.
And we want to get the most relevant documents.
We want to perform similarity search in the pinecone vector store.
So when we're going to be using our retriever dot invoke.
So retriever right over here is actually a link chain runnable.
So if I'm going to actually go over here and this is going to return us a vector store retriever object.
This object is inheriting from base retriever and base retriever.
Here is a runnable.
So this is going to have the invoke method here.
Now when we're going to be using a vector to retrieve our in length chain because it has an invoke method,
its invoke method, it's going to run something.
It's going to run a bunch of things, but eventually it's going to run this function, get relevant
documents, which is going to take our query, and it's going to return us a list of documents which
are going to be the most relevant documents.
So these get relevant documents.
This is eventually going to be implemented by the vendor.
Pinecone have their own way of doing things.
It's going to use the pinecone SDK.
If we're going to be using chroma it's going to be using another implementation.
And this is eventually what's going to be running.
And we have also an async version of getting the relevant documents.
But eventually when we are going to be running this invoke method, it's going to be going and doing
this.
And we're going to see this in the length trace by the way.
And let's now assume.
So this is going to magically give us the most relevant documents from our original query here.
And because we initialized it with k equals three.
So this means that this is going to be a list of three link chain documents.
So we have now the relevant documents.
Next we want to go and let's format them into a string.
So we're going to be using the format docs.
And it's going to give us here the context which is going to be a string.
Cool.
So right now we have the question we have the context for this question.
So now we want to go and we want to take this prompt.
And we simply want to plug the value of the context and the value of the questions here.
And we want to go and send this to the LLM.
So now we are taking the prompt template.
We are going to use the format messages.
And here we're going to provide it with the context equals context.
And the questions equals query.
So question here is matching.
Now this placeholder here in the query is the value that we're going to be giving it.
So now this is going to give us a list of messages holding one message, which is going to be everything
we want to send to the LM.
And now let's go and invoke our LM with the list of messages, which is going to be one message.
And we simply want to return the content of that response here.
So this is the entire implementation the manual implementation of the Reg pipeline over here.
All right.
And now let me paste in the snippet which is simply going to print that we want to invoke the implementation
without an expression language.
We're going to be taking this function.
And we're going to be running it with the user's query.
And we're going to be printing.
Now the result nothing special over here.
All right.
Let me now.
So let's go now and run everything.
So this is the raw invocation here we see we get the wrong answer.
And let's see the question answered with rag.
And here we can see pinecone is a fully managed cloud based vector database specifically designed for
businesses and organizations looking to build and deploy large scale machine learning applications.
So this is the answer that we wanted working with Rag here.
So now I want to show you in debug.
And let's see step by step what's happening here.
So let me go to the function here.
And let me now put a breakpoint.
Let's go run it in debug.
All right.
So here we can see we have now the query what is pinecone machine learning.
Let me now go and execute this.
So here we can see.
Now we have documents variable.
and it's going to contain a list of three link chain documents.
And every document here is going to have its page content attribute here, which is going to be the
data of this document here.
So these are the most relevant documents that pinecone found for us.
Now we want to take those documents and now we want to format them as strings.
So let's go and run this format docs function.
And now we have the context variable.
And now we can see this is a string okay.
So now let me copy here this expression.
Let me open it here and let me paste it.
And we can see it's a very big string of all the documents combined.
So now we want to go and we want to initialize the prompt template with the context of the documents.
Here we can see all the documents.
And we want now to give it the query.
And we want to initialize it with the query.
What is pinecone in machine learning.
Let's go and do that.
Let's go and look for messages.
So it gave us a messages list with one message.
And each content is the prompt we had before.
Answer the questions based on the following context.
And then it pasted the context and gave the question here.
Cool.
And let's go now and invoke now the LM.
And this is a regular LM invocation right now.
And we get here a response.
Let's go and check out this response.
The response is an AI message and its content is the answer.
So now I want to show you the Lang Smith trace.
And because here in these functions we did not really use a Lang chain chain.
And we did not use the chain expression language, then we simply used all linked chains components
separately.
So all the traces are not going to be organized under one component of a chain, and this is not convenient
at all.
Okay, so now let's go and review the traces here.
So let's take the first step of retrieving the relevant documents.
So here we can see we have a vector store retrieval right over here.
And this is the run of this line over here.
So here we can see the input is what is pinecone in machine learning.
When we ran it in evoke, the output we get was those three documents of the data that are the most
relevant documents.
So this was the similarity search that pinecone did for us under the hood here and here we can see we
have the text.
So this is the text of the document.
And here we even have the source which I did not show you in the debug console.
So now after we did that we went we formatted nicely.
This is nothing to do with Lang Smith.
And here we simply populated the prompt template.
And this is not going to show in Lang Smith as well because it's not under the chain.
And finally, we invoke the LM with all the relevant data in the augmented prompt.
So we can see the LM invocation right over here.
So the final call to LM is the original prompt.
Here we have the context.
And here we have the question that we plugged in.
And this is the answer that the LM returned us.
So we can see tracing this and debugging this is going to be a bit harder.
All right.
So what we did now in the implementation is implement everything very very naively.
And it has a bunch of disadvantages.
But the main disadvantage is that it's going to be very hard to trace it.
So in the next video we're going to implementing the same functionality but binding everything under
a link chain chain with the link chain expression language.
And this is going to be a much better implementation.
And we're going to see all the reasons why it's better.

--- Medium Analyzer- 2 Step RAG ---

Alrighty, let me go and tag the solution as this is the solution without link chain expression language.
And it's the simple function based approach.
And let's now go and implement the link chain expression language version of our Rag retrieval.
So to the link chain expression language version let's go and add another import.
So I imported the str output parser that we have got to know in previous sections.
And let's go now and also import something which is called a runnable pass through.
And as it name suggests, it's a runnable that is going to let its input pass through when it's invoked.
So it's not going to change it.
So let me go to its actual implementation.
So right now we are actually going to the source code of the Lang chain ecosystem.
And we can see that this runnable actually behaves almost exactly like the identity function.
So it does not change the input, except that it has the ability to be configured such that we add additional
keys to the output.
If the input is a dictionary.
And this is going to be very helpful for us, and we'll see it later in this video.
And I want also to import item Gator, which is a Python utility function from the operator module that
creates a callable object to fetch items from an object using indexing, we can actually use lambda
functions to do so, but it's more convenient to do it with item gator.
So we're going to also use this later.
So I'm going to create a new function.
And this function is going to be called create retrieval chain with link chain expression language.
Now notice that this function does not receive any arguments.
And the reason for this is that this function is going to eventually return us a length chain chain.
So the chain is going to be a length chain runnable.
So we can go and use the invoke method on what this function will return.
So this is why this function does not receive any input.
The input to the chain is going to be the input to the invoke function, like we know from previous
videos of this course.
And we're going to see this very very soon after we implement this function.
All right.
So here I listed all of the advantages of using the length chain expression language.
So you're going to see that it's going to be much more declarative and composable.
So we can go and use it later on other linked chain components.
And because it uses a runnable interface then we have streaming support, async support, batch processing
support and type safety.
So this is very very cool.
But I think the most important advantage is that we get much better observability with lamb-smith.
Once we have a runnable object, once we bind everything under a LinkedIn chain.
Going to see this when we trace everything with Len Smith.
All right.
Let's go and start implementing this function.
So I'm going to create a variable called a retrieval chain.
And this is what's going to be the return value from this function.
So let's go and return it.
Right now let's start writing this retrieval chain.
And I pasted this three piping of the object.
Now those parts of the chain correspond to the original implementation to steps three, four and five
here.
So I piped the prompt template to the LM and the lm to the str output parser.
So the prompt template is going to be the prompt template of the prompt that we wrote with the user's
question and with the retrieve context, so that we're going to pipe into the LM.
So this means we're going to invoke the LM with this input.
And once we get a response from the LM, we're going to use the str output parser simply to access the
dot content key of the response here.
So what we see so far is stuff that we already did in previous sections of this course.
So now the question is how do we get to populate this prompt template with the context field.
And with the question field, just like we did in the naive implementation in steps one, two and three.
So we want somehow to invoke the retriever then to pipe the result of the retriever with the retrieved
documents to the format documents function in that to pipe to the prompt template.
So eventually the format documents is going to return us a string.
And this is going to be piped to the prompt template.
And once we have that, everything should work here.
Hey there.
Ethan here.
Popping out.
I hope you're enjoying the course.
I just want to give you a quick heads up on the next couple of minutes.
So the next part is a bit tricky.
It's nothing complicated.
It's just a lot of syntactic sugar with the link chain expression language.
So I have to tell you that from my personal experience, it took me a while to understand the next couple
of concepts.
However, once you understand them and I hope you will by the end of this video, you have a much deeper
understanding on LinkedIn and how link chain is actually working under the hood.
So I just want to give you a quick heads up before we continue.
So it's okay if you don't understand everything, right from the first viewing of this video.
So I do recommend watching this video a couple of times from the beginning to the end, until you finally
understand what's happening and what's happening under the hood, However, we have a couple of problems
right now.
So I remind you, the format docs is a function.
It's not a long chain runnable.
It doesn't have the invoke method.
And even if you try for yourself, try to invoke this function, you will get an error.
But I promise you, we're going to run this and this is going to work.
Because when we use regular Python functions in a link chain expression language, chain link chain
automatically converts those regular Python functions into runnable lambdas.
So when we write something like retrieval pipe format docs, pipe to the prompt template under the hood
link chain automatically converts the format docs into a runnable lambda that is going to run the format
doc.
And this runnable lambda is a runnable, and it adheres to the runnable interface.
So we can invoke it.
We can stream with it, we can batch process with it.
So it's really going to fix this issue.
I've discussed now.
Cool.
So now we need to solve another issue.
And I promise you this is the last issue we're going to be solving today.
So the prompt template I remind you it needs to receive two arguments.
It needs to receive the question of the user.
And it needs to also receive the context which is a string.
So right now the output of this part over here is not going to do this for us.
So we need to find some kind of way to take this output and somehow to attribute it to the key of context.
So the result of this, which is going to go into the prompt template, is going to be under the context
key when we invoke the prompt template.
So we are going to take this and we are going to wrap it under a runnable pass through, and we are
going to use the assign method.
So the gist of it is that runnable passthrough dot assign creates a new dictionary that is going to
combine the original input with the new computed field that we're going to explicitly mention.
And here the input field is going to be the question and what is pinecone.
Because this is eventually how we're going to be executing and running this chain.
Because we're using the runnable pass through.
Then the input is not going to change.
So the output of it still is going to have a dictionary of the key question with the value of what is
pinecone.
However, now we want to add to this dictionary new key with the key of context and the value of this
chain right over here.
So this is now a link chain chain which is going to be invoked.
So we have the retrieval and the format documents that we already know.
And we have another edition of the item getter, which we called with the value of question.
So this is equivalent of using a lambda function like this.
And it simply pulls out just the question string.
So that's all that it's doing.
Okay.
So I know this is a lot to digest.
So I want to reiterate on it one more time.
And this is okay.
If you want to watch this video one more time.
For me it took also a while to understand this.
So I want to talk about this step of the pipeline right here.
So the input for it is going to be a dictionary with the key of question.
And it's going to have some value.
So this is going to be the input when we invoke now this a chain.
And this is the first part of the chain.
So we see that the first step is wrapped entirely with a runnable passthrough.
So this means we do not change the input.
So the result of invoking this is still going to have a dictionary with the key of question.
And it's going to have this value inside it.
And because we used the assign method and we gave it a keyword argument of context.
So this means we are adding now to this output dictionary.
Another key.
And the key is going to be context.
And the value of the key is going to be this chain running over here.
I remind you we're still inside a runnable passthrough.
So this means that the input for running this chain this sub chain is going to be the original input.
So when we use the item getter A with question it's simply going to fish out the question value.
And it's going to pipe this string into the retriever.
And then the output to the format documents and so on and so on.
So after running the runnable path through, step over here with this input.
The output of this step is going to be a dictionary with the key of question and the key of context.
And the context now is going to be having the relevant context after we retrieve the documents and format
them nicely.
And this is eventually what we're going to be piping to the prompt template.
So this is how everything is playing nicely with each other.
I know this was a bit overwhelming, so I think an easy way to also understand it is to compare our
naive and simple version to this link chain expression language version here.
Okay, so try to think of which step is existing where.
Hey there Eden here popping out again.
I told you this part was tricky, so if you didn't fully understand it, Please don't freak out.
Trust me.
Try to have a break.
Maybe go drink some coffee, then return.
And then watch this video again.
And this should be much clearer when you're going to be writing the code and running it and seeing it
for yourself.
So let's continue.
Cool.
So let's go now and run this baby and see that everything is working and we're getting a nice result.
So I'm going to write in the main part over here that we are going to run the linked chain expression
language implementation.
It has a bunch of advantages which we are going to see after we run it.
And in order to run everything, we simply need to call the create retrieval chain function.
This is going to return us with a long chain chain which is a runnable.
So it has the invoke method.
So the chain with LCL variable we can actually go and invoke it with the input of the dictionary with
the key of question and the user's query.
Let's go now and print the result.
And let's go now and run everything and let's see what we get.
So let me go and show the output.
All right.
So now it's running in the chain without LCL.
After it finishes it's going to run with the LCL.
All right.
And we can see the answer, which is very similar to the answer of our original implementation here.
So the results are the same.
The implementation is different.
And now I want to show you how better it is as far as observability and tracing.
So I want to go and switch to Laxmi.
And I want to show you the trace of this chain execution.
So I'm going to also link it in the videos resources.
But we can see all the moving parts here of this Rag retrieval pipeline are in one place are under a
link chain runnable sequence because this is eventually a chain.
So everything here is under one trace, which is super, super convenient to debug and to analyze.
Later we can see the original question and we can see the final output of this chain, which is this
raw text.
Over here we can see how long everything took.
We can see what was the bottleneck, what took most of the time.
And this is why it's so convenient to structure everything under a chain here.
All right.
Now let me show you the tricky part I told you about with the runnable a assign.
And here you can see we are invoking it with the assigning of the context.
We can see the input is a dictionary with the key of question, and the output is a dictionary with
the key of context and the relevant context, and it also has the key of question.
The original input.
All right.
Now this entire runnable path through has inside it three steps.
We have the item getter, the retrieval and the format docs.
So let's start with the item getter.
So here it's simply a runnable lambda underneath the hood which takes the input dictionary and return
us the question itself.
So this is what's happening here.
Now this is going to be piped to the retriever.
So let's go check out the retriever.
We can see now the retriever gets the user's query and it returns the relevant documents which will
limit it to three.
And then we go and we pipe this into the format docs.
And the output of this subchain, we simply want to assign under the context key of the output.
So this is what's happening in this overall chain here.
So now we take now this dictionary which has the key of context with the relevant context and the original
question.
And we simply go and pipe it to the chat prompt template.
And then we go and pipe the chat prompt template into the LLM.
And this is what's going to generate the answer here.
So we have all of the augmented prompt with the relevant context.
And finally we parse out the output.
And you can go and get the code for this video.
If you go to the repository in the branch project slash rag gist.
Let's go here to the commits.
And here you can see this commit add HCl based retrieval chain.
Here you can see all the code that we added here in this video.

--- LangChain RAG Documentation ---

Hey there.
Ethan here.
Hope you're enjoying this section.
Learning about rag retrieval.
Augmentation generation.
So in this video I want to discuss and explore a bit the link chain documentation.
Now I want to start by saying that I love link chain.
I love the ecosystem and link graph and everything around it.
However, I do have some criticism to link chain and how they manifested their documentation.
So I've been with link chain since the very, very beginning.
I've seen all the iterations.
I've seen it how it evolved from from really the very, very beginning.
And they've made tons and a lot of changes to the documentation.
And specifically, after version 1.0, they removed tons of documentation and things that I think are
super, super important and are still in the source code and are not planned to be deprecated.
Not only that, I think their approach they took, for example, for direct documentation, which I'm
going to show you here, is wrong.
And I don't really believe that's the best practice.
And this is why what I teach in this section is a bit different than what you see in the documentation,
and I want to show you it.
So if I go to the documentation here, if you go under the tutorials, you have a bunch of documentation,
you have a semantic search.
So here you can see you have a tutorial on building a semantic search engine with link chain.
This is pretty much what we did in the previous video where we discussed about the ingestion and the
retrieval.
Right.
So you can see here you have the concepts of documents, text, feature embeddings, vector stores,
retrievers.
We've discussed all of them.
Right.
So in the examples here, here is that example for example of how to load a document.
So here you can see how you can load a PDF document.
Here we are printing the page content.
Those are the things we did.
They discuss about splitting here about embedding.
About what is the embedding output.
So things that we've already discussed and how we can go and add the embeddings into the vector store
with the add documents function.
But we don't really see an application.
So we get here only snippets.
And here in this example you can see that the taking a retrieval function which is going to use the
vector store similarity search.
And they wrap it as a chain.
So I've never seen this syntax before which is actually quite surprising to see it like this.
Here you can see some examples of them using the retriever and then invoking it here it's a batch invoke.
So this is the first thing.
So let's go to build a Rag application.
And then it leads us to build a Rag agent link chain.
And here they actually use a react agent with a searching tool a similarity search tool.
Right.
And first in this tutorial they show you how to build a Rag agent, which is a react agent with a search
tool to perform similarity search.
Then they show a two step rag gene, which is very similar to what we did in the course.
But there's a caveat here.
So let me show you.
So we discussed about indexing about retrieval and generation.
So we really know all about it.
And basically what they did here.
So here they are discussing indexing which we discussed already splitting the documents.
All right here let's talk about the retrieval and generation.
So this is the interesting part here.
So in their example they write a function which they call it retrieve context which is going to receive
a query and it's going to retrieve.
And it's going to return the retrieve docs.
And they take these functions and they wrap it as a tool with some structured output.
So in this implementation they create a retrieve context tool.
So here's the tool list.
And they create a react agent with one tool.
And they tell it in the prompt.
You have access to a tool that retrieves context from a blog post.
Use this tool to help answer user queries.
So I don't like this approach at all.
We leave the decision whether to call this tool or not to the agent.
I worked with hundreds of customers and I never seen anything like this in production because we do
not want to leave this to the LLM.
The create agent here is a react agent, and this is something which is pretty autonomous.
So it has all the freedom to do what it wants.
And I discussed this in the course.
And if we have an application for example a customer support, then we do not want the agent to go and
answer anything else besides our business logic.
So here we have a lot of room to fail.
And this agent can be very easily be manipulated to do nonsense.
Let's go and continue.
Here you can see, by the way, an example of this run where you ask a question with tool calling,
it decides what to call.
It calls the retrieval tool.
And this is actually very redundant and expensive and costly when it comes to tokens.
And it adds the latency because, for example, if we have a customer support agent on our application
which knows our business logic, we don't really need tool calling here.
This is just adding overhead, because in this case, we always want to go and query our knowledge base,
which is the vector store in this case.
So doing it with tool calls is actually quite redundant here.
And now what I like about this doc is the fact that they actually discuss this trade off here.
So here they're mentioning the benefits and drawbacks when using this.
So in the above Agentic rag.
So we used our react agent with a search tool formulation.
We allow the LLM to use its discretion.
So this is what I told you which was problematic in generating a tool call to help to answer the user
queries.
This is good general purpose solution but comes with trade offs.
Okay, let's see the trade offs.
Okay let's start with the reduce control.
The LM may skip searches when they are actually needed or issue extra searches when unnecessary.
And this is a really big problem because we are using the react agent here.
And here we have two inference calls.
When a search is performed, it requires one call to generate the query and another to produce the final
response here.
So this is something that adds latency.
Why they say it's good search only when needed.
The LM can handle greetings, follow ups and simple queries without triggering unnecessary searches.
So this is true, but it can also answer things that are non-relevant and can actually cause problems
to the company.
If somebody wants to try to jailbreak the agent, you don't really want to allow it.
Second contextual search.
And here they say contextual search queries by treating a search as a tool with a query input the alien
craft its own queries that incorporates conversational context.
This is semi-true.
So this is really an advantage because it's using function calling under the hood.
So this query that is going to be embedded and going to be performing the similarity search on.
So it's going to be changing constantly according to the user input according to the user input and
the conversation history.
So this is a smart move.
But we can actually implement this with an expression language and make this deterministic as well.
And here we have multiple searches allowed.
The LLM can execute several searches in support for a single user query.
So later in the course I talk about real Agentic Rag, which is based on Landgraf, which is going to
be based on research papers, which is actually going to do something much better than this, and it's
going to be much more deterministic.
All right.
Then they discuss another common approach is a two step chain in which we always run a search, potentially
using raw user query.
This is what we did in the course and incorporate the results as context for a single query.
This is exactly what we did.
This results in a single inference called per query.
Buying reduced latency at the expense of flexibility.
Because it's fixed, it's always doing.
It's always retrieving the documents then making an LM call.
In this approach, we no longer call the model in a loop, but instead make just a single pass.
We can implement this chain by removing the tools from the agent, and instead incorporating the retrieval.
Step into a custom prompt and hear.
What they did is to create an agent without any tools, and then injected this functionality to do the
similarity search to get the relevant documents inside the middleware so it can work.
But it's going like this and they create agent is in fact running in a loop.
So I do not like this solution because when you're going to use the create agent, in fact you do not
know what's going under the hood.
You can know if you'll dive into the source code and you'll analyze it.
But those things are changing.
So if you update the package, this can suddenly change and break your application.
So this is not explicit here.
And this is way, way too abstracted.
And I think in order to implement something which is robust and it's production ready, you really need
to have control on everything.
So this was ragged long chain.
Now they have here a section custom rack agent under Landgraf.
And this tutorial is excellent.
And I actually go and show this architecture in this course.
This architecture is based on papers.
This one is proved to work well.
It has a lot of things like checking hallucinations, checking answers which are relevant to the question.
And we are going to cover this really, really in depth in the course in the graph section.
So we're going to cover it later.
So I like this one.
So this is it for this video.
We'd love to get your feedback on it.

--- What are we building? A lightweight Cursor/ Feature Feature (RAG) ---

-: Hey guys, Eden here.
So this is a very cool part of this course,
and we're going to be implementing something
that's called a documentation helper.
So we're going to plug in the documentation
of a certain package and we're then going to be able
to query with the LLM questions about the documentation, how
to use it, examples, a lot
of very cool and interesting stuff.
And we're even going to use it in order to build this tool.
So you'll see this dog feeling it's very, very cool.
Now we're going to build this end-to-end.
So it means running the chain that will get us this result.
And also writing the front end
and the user interface that will help us interact
with it in a very elegant and convenient way.
We're going to be cover a lot of topics over here,
vector databases, retrieval, similarity search, memory,
insider chat, Streamlit as a front end builder.
We'll even dive into the lang chain source code
to understand what's happening underneath the hood.
So the first part of this project is
to find a documentation,
and we're going to take the lang chain
documentation as an example.
We're going to download it.
We then are going to turn it into vectors.
So we're going to take every page in the documentation,
chunk it up, and then embed it, turn it into a vector,
store it into a vector store,
and then we're going to be using
that in order to write a chain.
So that would be the second part of this project.
So in the second part, we're going to be writing a chain
that is going to use the vector database in order
to find us the correct chunks that we need in order
to answer that question.
After that, we're going
to be implementing the user interface,
and we're going to be using a package which is called
Streamlit, which is very, very easy to use.
And finally, we're going
to be integrating memory into our chat.
So we want our chat to have the memory ability
to reference things that we asked it in the past.
So that's an introduction for what we're going to build
and let's go build it.
And one last request, if you can please find the time
to leave me a review on Udemy.
This really encourages me as a content creator
to continue in growing this course,
and it helps other students decide whether this
course is a good fit for them.
So I would appreciate very much if
you can leave me a review.
Okay, now let's go and write some code.

--- Quick Note: Pipenv vs uv ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]

--- Environment Setup ---

Hey there Eden here.
And in this video, we're going to be setting up our environment before we implement the documentation
helper.
So we're going to start by cloning the starting branch with all the boilerplate code that we need.
And we're going to set up our env file which is going to holding the environment variables for our OpenAI
API key and our pinecone API key.
Okay.
So in the repository we want to be cloning the branch one.
Start here.
So I'm going to go and copy this code this URL.
And I'm going to go to the terminal I'm going to write git clone paste the URL dash b one.
Start here.
And this will clone the repository in the beginning branch.
So we'll start by listing the current working directory of our project.
Okay, so now it's time to go to pinecone to log in to our user and to create an index that is going
to store the embeddings of the documentation of blockchain.
So now let's give our index a meaningful name, so I'll call it long chain dash doc dash index.
And we're going to tell pinecone which embeddings model we're going to be using to index our documents.
So we're going to choose text embeddings really small of OpenAI.
The dimension.
So the size of the vector is going to be 1536.
And here we're going to be using cosine similarity to determine the distances between the vectors.
All right.
By the way this is the new pinecone UI.
So it's pretty similar.
Um you here can write your index name and and yeah here in order to choose the embedding model, this
is how the UI looks.
And make sure you select the one 536 um in the embeddings dimension.
Um, yeah.
So this is the new UI in pinecone.
Just important to show you this.
All right.
Let's go and set configuration.
We're going to go with the serverless option here.
And we're simply now creating the index.
And in a couple of seconds our index will be initialized.
Relaxed.
By the way, notice that our index is deployed on AWS cloud and this is the region.
Now we have flexibility on this.
Let's say we want to deploy it on Google Cloud.
Then we simply needed to mark the Google Cloud logo and it will be deployed there.
And this is important because AWS customers would want their index to be hosted on AWS.
And GCP customers would want it to be hosted on Google Cloud.
So this helps with latency and with commercial agreements of companies working with those cloud providers.
And the region is important, for example, for GDPR compliance.
So for that, we'll need our vector store to be deployed only in a Europe data center.
All right.
So now we can ingest the documents of the documentation into our index.
So link chain is going to be making requests to pinecone on behalf of us.
So we need to copy your API key and give it to link chain.
So let's copy it and let's put it in the dot env file.
And let me open now the project in PyCharm for the first time in this video and I created a dot env
file, which of course I didn't commit to the repository because I don't want to commit any secrets
anyway.
So I created a dot env file and in the dot env file I'll create.
I'll simply put here the pinecone API key which I copied.
And also we need to plug in of course the OpenAI API key or any other LLM vendor you're using.
All right.
So I want to deactivate my virtual environment my automatic one.
And I want now to take a look at the Pip file.
And here we have all the packages we need for our project which I already pre-prepared.
And you can see for example we have Lang Lang pinecone.
And if I'm going to look at the log file with the exact versions we can see, we have for example the
latest version currently of Linkchain 0.26.
And I remind you, you might have a different version depending when you're taking the course.
Of course, I'll keep updating this course and the repository to be updated with the latest version.
So if there are breaking changes I will update the code of course, and the videos.
All right.
So I just want to address a couple of things.
I added a new logger.py file, which you should be seeing on the left side as well.
This is something which I added now as the boilerplate.
We're going to be using it in future videos.
And this backend directory you can ignore.
We'll be creating it in future videos.
And also this docs directory you can ignore will be downloading the link chain docs in the next couple
of videos.
All right so now I want to run Pipenv install.
And this will take all the information in the pip file dot log file.
And it's going to install all the dependencies with the correct versions.
So if you run that you're going to have the exact same version as I'm having right now of all the packages.
So we're going to create a new file I'll call it ingestion.py.
And this file is going to hold all of the implementation of ingestion the link chain documentation embedding
it into vectors then storing those vectors into pinecone the vector store.

--- Ingestion Pipeline Intro ---

Hey there.
Eat it here.
So the first part of our brag pipeline is to ingest the documentation.
We're going to get the latest up to date latest documentation.
And we're going to ingest it and index it into our vector store.
And in order to do this we're going to be using the Wacom, which is going to make this tedious task
of downloading the documentation since and before we dive in, I just want to give a bit of history.
When I made this course in early 2022, I was doing this process manually, writing a lot of scripts,
and it really was cumbersome.
It broke.
It has a lot of issues, and right now in 2025, things have changed a lot.
And we have tools like crawl, which are going to help us to achieve this with just a bunch of API calls
just to double click.
So I used to use File Crawl in order to achieve this tracking capability.
However, I found that the Firepro package was not very well maintained with link chain ecosystem and
it had some scaling issues.
So that's the reason I chose to migrate from crawl to the With the Velcro.
All right.
So let's talk now about what we're going to be doing in the next couple of videos.
So first I want you to get to know the API better.
And we're going to have a walkthrough of how to use tabular map tabular extract to really crop.
And after that we're going to be integrated into our chain Rag ingestion pipeline which is going to
take the latent documentation.
It's going to map all the URLs.
And then it's going to concurrently scrape those URLs.
And we're going to add some metadata and index everything into a vector store.
So this entire process it might look like a lot but it's actually not a lot of code.
And all the heavy lifting is going to be done by link chain and the village.
The village is going to be responsible for the crawling and scraping of the documentation, and link
chain is going to be responsible to chunk everything up, update the metadata and to index everything
seamlessly.
By the way, in case you're worried about pricing.
So don't be because the really offers us a very generous free tier, which is more than enough for this
course and for this task.

--- Tavily Crawling ---

Let's now use the crawl to crawl the link chain documentation and pull out all the documentation.
So web crawling refers to the automated process of browsing website by following hyperlinks, clicking
them, going from one page to the next, and uncovering more and more related content.
And for agents and autonomous agents, crawling is a key capability, especially when we're trying to
access deeper layers of the web that aren't easily reachable through standard search.
Alrighty, let's go to the code and let me show you how easy it is to fetch the documentation.
And this is our boilerplate code right now.
If name equals main then we want to use async IO run.
And then we want to run the main coroutine we have here.
And let's start with adding some logs here.
So I want to log that the recommendation ingestion has started.
And then that we're using to really crawl.
To start crawling.
The documentation in python.com and I remind you log header and log info are in the logger.py file.
Cool.
Let's go and run it just to see the logs are printing and we're all set.
So code is executing.
We're initializing all the clients and let's go and see the logs.
So let's now do the actual crawling.
And to do that we're going to use the crawl object.
And I remind you this is a link chain tool.
Now because we're using link chain Tavileh.
And we want to invoke that.
And we want to provide the URL to be the Python comm.
We provide it with the maxdepth, which is going to define how far from the base URL the crawler can
explore.
And the default is one.
And this has to be an integer and the maximum at the moment is five.
Cool.
So I want to elaborate a bit on maxdepth because this is an important argument when it comes to crawling.
So this is from the best practices for crawling.
And it discusses here the excessive debt problem.
So it's obvious if we're going to have a higher number in Maxdepth then runtime is going to be longer.
This is a no brainer in worst case.
In certain website topologies it can even be exponentially slower.
We usually want to start with depth equals to one or to two, and only then after we review the results
to then increase it if we need more depth.
And this is the smart approach because it's going to give us first faster iterations because runtime
is going to be shorter with lower max depth.
And second, it's also going to be cheaper because we are consuming less of the resources.
So this is the correct approach to start with small.
And we're actually going to do this in the video.
The number five I got after a bunch of iterations and figured out that this should be the number we
want to crawl to get the most documents from the LinkedIn documentation.
And we're going to give extract depth equals to advanced and advanced extraction retrieves more data
including tables and embedded content with higher success rate, but it may increase the latency.
Now, when we invoke the crawler, we're invoking a website traversal tool that explores hundreds of
paths in parallel with built in extraction and intelligent discovery, which we're going to see in action.
So just for quick iterations, let me change Maxdepth to be one right now.
So we're actually going to crawl list links here in the LinkedIn documentation.
And let me run this in debug here, and let me show you the result that we get when invoking this tool.
So we can see now we are starting the crawling.
And we get immediately a result.
And this ran under one second here.
And let me show you the result.
Here we have the base URL where we started.
And we have this results key over here.
And it has a list of all the pages that we crawled.
Each crawl page has the structure of a URL, which is the URL of the page and the raw content.
So let me show you, for example, the page here.
This is the page from the documentation.
And you can see the raw content which is scraped for us.
And I'm super excited about this because crawling is a pain.
It's a tedious task.
It has a lot of room for bugs, tons of things can go wrong and crawling, rate limiting, bot protection,
getting dynamically rendered pages and so many things can go wrong here.
And actually we tried to do this manually in earlier versions of this course and it was really a pain.
So many students had issues and it ran differently on different machines, and sometimes students didn't
get the correct pages.
And it was a real pain.
And that's why I'm super excited of using crawl here.
And just as a side note, as a software engineer, if crawling is not going to be my main business logic,
then I would like to offload it into a third party that knows how to do it much better than me.
So that's in general my approach.
I don't want to waste any time spending, debugging and trying to do this.
All right.
Notice here that we got here 18 results.
Let's go and change Maxdepth to B2.
And let's check out the results that we get.
And let me go and rerun this.
And we got a result.
And we can see.
Let's go and check the results.
Key here.
And we can see that we have here now 75 pages that were scraped.
Pretty cool.
Now let's go and change it to the maximum which is going to be five.
And this is the maximum depth that ability offers at the moment.
Now we can expect that this will be longer because we are going to scrape and crawl much more pages.
And let me fast forward it a bit.
And we got here a result.
Now let's check out what we have here.
It took 26 seconds and we got here 251 results.
Alrighty.
Let me show you something very cool here.
And this is an argument which is called instructions.
And here I'm going to provide natural language which is going to be used by the crawler.
And this is going to specify during the mapping process when the crawler is going to map out the pages,
it's going to tell the crawler which page to scrape and which page not to scrape.
And that's a filtering mechanism that is going to help us get much more accurate and much more precise
results in case we're looking for a specific field.
So for example, here I want to search for content on AI agents.
And let me now run this in debug.
And let me now show you what results we get here.
So let's go now and examine it.
We can see it took 30s I fast forward it.
And we can see now that we have 23 pages that were scraped.
Now, let me show you something cool.
Let me show you the URLs of the pages we scraped.
And just from the slugs of the URL, we can see that it's documentation on AI agents.
We can see that we have information about AI agents over here, and we don't have something which is
not AI agents.
Now, I know we are in a rag section here, but just a quick note that this capability is actually very
useful when we're implementing AI agents.
And one important note on the argument of instructions.
So it really matters which instructions we give tavileh.
If our instructions are going to be bad then we're going to get bad results.
And we need to understand that when Tavileh uses this argument, it actually uses this to help map out
the URLs to crawl or to not crawl.
So it's really a function that helps filter out URLs whether to crawl and extract them.
And that's what we should have in mind here.
That should be the argument.
So we shouldn't put here questions or something like that.
We should put here instruction that is going to help tavileh to decide whether to crawl that page or
not to crawl that page.
And if you're interested in more nuances and how to get the best out of crawl, then I highly recommend
you checking these best practices for crawl page here that I've posted, which has a lot of cool tips
and a lot of cool ways to use this API.
And by the way, remember when we talked earlier about the Maxdepth argument?
So because we're going to use instructions, then we could make the Maxdepth higher because instructions
are going to help the crawler to skip irrelevant pages.
All right.
So let me minimize it.
And let's go back to the code.
And now I want to create from each result I want to create a link chain document.
So we're going to iterate through all the results in the results key here.
And we want to create a document object a link chain document.
And it's going to have the page content which is going to be the result.
But it's going to have raw content fields like we saw earlier in debug and in the metadata.
I want here to put a dictionary with the key of source.
And here I'm going to put the result in the URL key here.
And we're going to use this metadata when we retrieve the information to know exactly where did we get
the source from.
So this is very important.
That helps with user explainability.
To explain the user why our AI rag application answered the way it answered.
And it really helps to create trust in the system.
So this is going to take the information from Tavileh.
And each result we were going to convert and cast into a linked chain document.
So we can later split.
And let me run this in debug.
And by the way, notice I changed the Maxdepth to be one simply for faster iterations because we were
going to be scraping and crawling less pages.
So it's going to be easier in the credits as well, and it's going to improve latency.
So let me show you here the old docs here.
And we can see now we have link chain documents if the page content and with the metadata of our URL.
All right.
So let me tell you what's going to happen in the next couple of videos.
The video after this video I'm going to show you how to crawl the LinkedIn documentation using map and
to really extract, which is taking this process and breaking it down and making it a bit more granular
if we want a bit more control.
This video is optional.
You don't have to watch it.
This is simply to show you if you want more control, what you can do, and it also helps you appreciate
this crawl endpoint.
All right.
So just to recap of what we have so far in the pipeline.
We took the documentation we used to crawl.
And we loaded the LinkedIn documentation into LinkedIn documents.
And now is the text splitting part.
So we want to take each document.
And we want to chunk it up into smaller pieces so we can index them in the vector store.

--- [Optional] TavilyMap, TavilyExtract for High customizability ---

So before we ingest the documentation, we first need to download it.
And in order to do so we'll use the map in Tivoli Extract API.
Tivoli map is going to discover and map out the link chain documentation and the website and the URLs
that we want to scrape and extract information from.
The extract is going to extract the data of that pages, which is going to hold all the information
about the link chain documentation.
All right.
Let me go and open this notebook in Google Colab.
So I'm going to use the Google Colab runtime.
And I want now to go and make sure that I have the runtime environment selected in Python three.
Cool.
So we first want to start by installing the dependencies.
So I'm going to click this tab over here which is going to install link chain.
And this is the link chain integration which is highly maintained.
The reason why I am mentioning this is that first of all, it's not obvious that our chain integration
is highly maintained.
And second, if you're using a third party with integration and that third party link chain integration
is not highly maintained, then what may happen is that the third party API might change and it would
break the link chain integration.
So this is very, very important when using link chain third parties, especially when you go to production.
Anyways I'm going to install link chain and I'm going to install certify and certify is simply to make
API calls with a valid certificate which can be verified, which is defensive programming to make us
send lots of requests to the API.
Right.
We're then going to install Rich.
So this is to display some cool text for logging.
And actually we're not going to use pandas.
He got in here because I wrote a bunch of this code.
All right.
So now I want to run the import cell.
So I want to import here a bunch of stuff.
I want to import async IO because we're going to make concurrent requests to extract.
We want to use the OS package in case we want to set up some environment variables.
We want to import SSL because we want to provide a valid SSL context some typing, and we want to import
certify for the certificate.
And here from chain underscore we want to import the extract object in the map object.
And after that we're importing some stuff from a witch.
So this is simply to display a nicely logs.
And then we want to configure the SSL context.
And I don't want to elaborate on this snippet, but at the end of the day it's simply setting up some
environment variables.
So every time we'll be making a request to a third party, which is going to be tavileh, then we're
going to set valid SSL context, and we're not going to get blocked because we don't have a valid SSL
certificate.
All right.
So now we want to go and get the API key.
And if you don't have an API key you can go and click this plus button here.
And just name your API key, create it and copy its value.
So let me copy the value of my API key here.
And you should go and take it and put it right over here.
And then run the cell to set up the environment variable.
And by the way, if you're worrying about my API key then don't.
I'm not exposing it because it's going to be revoked as I'm finishing to film this video.
All right.
So you go and run this cell and initialize your environment variable.
So let's go.
Now initialize an object of map which is going to interact with the map API.
And this API is going to receive an input a URL.
And it's going to traverse the website URL like a graph and to explore all the paths to intelligently
discover and generate a comprehensive sitemap, which is a list of URLs.
So this is the output we're going to receive once we map website.
And we're going to use every element of that list, which is a URL to scrape and extract information
from.
So this is going to be fed into our Rag pipeline.
And I'm going to cover some of the arguments that this API receives.
So it's going to receive Maxdepth which defines how far from the base URL the crawler can explore.
We're going to give it also max breadth, which is the max number of links to follow per level of the
tree.
So per page.
And we're going to give it the limit of 500.
So this means that we don't want to get more than 500 URLs.
Let me go and run this blog.
And let's now continue to invoke this API In the base URL we want to give it is python.com/docs/introduction.
So this is going to be our starting point.
And then we are going to invoke this API and to call it by using the invoke method.
And we can invoke because we imported from link chain.
So this map object is actually a link chain tool like we saw earlier in the videos that can be used
by an agent.
And the way we invoke tools is by using the invoke method or invoke.
And here what actually is happening to really wrapped their SDK with a link chain tool.
So this is what we're actually getting by using the link chain to really package.
Of course we can use it by itself, but I wanted to show you the link chain integration.
So here we're going to invoke this map object.
And we're going to get back the sitemap here.
All right.
So after that we're going to iterate over the URLs that we get.
And we're going to print them nicely.
So let me play the cell and let me show you what I get.
And it's important to note that the results may change depending when are you playing this video.
Because link chain might and probably will add.
Let's change some of their documentation by the time you're seeing this video.
So the important thing to note is that you're going to get with this the up to date sitemap of link
chain documentation.
And you can see now we're displaying the first 50 URLs.
Let me go and click on one random URL.
And let's see what do we get.
And we can see it's a valid documentation page.
All right let's go back to the notebook.
And now we want to select a random page.
And we want to scrape it.
So for that we will Who will initialize the extract object, and I'm not initializing it with any arguments.
And this is going to do the scraping for us.
And it's going to output us a markdown file of the page content.
Let me run this cell.
And now let's go and let's go and extract the content and scrape the content of a certain page.
And let's walk through this code here.
So I want to select some sample URLs.
And here I selected a list that is currently containing one URL, which is the 21st element of this
list.
And you can put here as many as elements that you want.
Then we're going to use the extract a invoke.
We want to use the asynchronous function and we want to go and await it.
And the reason why we're doing it because later when we'll be using it in our ingestion file, we'll
want to extract everything concurrently.
And we're going to give it the input, which is going to be a dictionary with the key of URLs.
And the value here is going to be the list of URLs we want to scrape and extract.
And after we await this coroutine here, we're going to get back a dictionary of results.
And we want to get the results.
Um key here.
So this is where is going to send us the output here.
Cool.
So we get back here a list of documents where each document is going to contain a URL, which is the
original URL that we scraped, and the raw content which is the content of that page.
And then we want to display it nicely.
So this is what's happening in the cell.
So let's go and run it.
And here we can see the scraped content displayed nicely.
Alrighty.
So now I want to show you how to batch, process and extract concurrently many pages.
And this is a must when we want to handle scale, because we want to do everything as efficient as we
can.
And if we have lots of documents to scrape and extract, then we don't want to do it sequentially because
it's going to take forever.
So what we're going to do now is we're going to use the extract API, and we're going to do it in batches,
which are going to run concurrently.
So I have here this chunk URL function.
And this function is going to receive the original list of URLs.
And it's going to receive the chunk size which the default is three.
And it's going to return us a list that contains containing list of URLs.
So we're going to split that big list of URLs.
We're going to split it into a bunch of sublists which are going to be your batches.
Here I have a coroutine, an async function.
Extract batch, which is going to receive a list of URLs.
So this is going to be one batch.
It's going to receive the batch numbers.
So this is for logging.
So we can see what exactly is being processed here.
So we're going to use the extract invoke like we did before.
So this time it's going to work on our batch of URLs.
It's going to return a the result for this and the way we're going to process all the URLs here and
here we're selecting nine URLs to process.
We're going to split it into batches.
So we're going to get three batches of three.
And we're then going to create tasks which are coroutines which are going to run concurrently.
And this is what we're going to do with the async IO gather here.
And we're going to send here the list of tasks where each task is a coroutine which is going to process
a different batch here.
And once this finishes executing we'll get the batch results, and it's going to wait for all the batches
to finish.
And once we do that, we simply go and extract everything into one list.
And that's what we're going to log.
And we want to return eventually.
So this logic over here is the preparation of taking the LinkedIn documentation and downloading it or
scraping it concurrently.
So let me go and run this code block and show you the output.
And we can see that we started executing all the tasks which are coroutines in a simultaneously.
So you can see here the prints are very organized batch one, batch two then batch three.
But the finish rate is different.
We first finish batch two, then we finish batch one.
Then we finish batch three right.
So this is just to show you how everything is running asynchronously.
And if we were to have more batches like we're going to have in the ingestion, which we're going to
do next, we can even see it even more explicitly.

--- [Optional] Crawling Deep Dive ---

Hey there.
Eden here.
And this video is optional.
I wanted to introduce you another powerful way to scrape and extract content using the toolkit.
And like I showed you in the previous video, the main recommendation for most cases is to use the Velcro
because it's super simple.
You just give it a URL and it automatically maps the entire site, scrapes everything in the sitemap,
and even lets you filter exactly what you need using natural language instructions.
So, for example, we can point it to a documentation site and tell it.
Just give me everything about agents and it will do all the filtering and scraping for us.
However, sometimes we want to have even more control.
Maybe we want to customize every step of the process, or we want to go really deep into certain parts
of the website.
So in this video, I'll show you how to use map and to really extract for our use case of extracting
the link chain documentation.
If we want a bit more flexibility and control over the entire scraping process.
In this video, I'll be covering some batch processing strategies, and I'll be going a bit deeper into
scraping with third parties and rate limiting handling.
So feel free.
This is a bit of an advanced video.
And this is again optional.
So we're first going to map the sitemap of the documentation and get all of the URLs that the documentation
has.
And then for each documentation URL we're going to scrape it with the video extract.
Now we're going to run the extraction and scraping concurrently.
So the solution we built here does scale.
And the code I'll be showing here is going to be very similar to the code I showed you in the previous
videos where we covered the map interval extract.
So just a few logistics because it's going to be a pretty long video.
I highly suggest you first watch it and only then try to do it yourself.
And of course, you don't need to write everything from zero.
You can simply copy the snippets that I'll be using.
You can copy it from the repository.
So this is how I recommend you watching this video.
All right.
Let's start by writing some logs before we begin.
So let's log by writing log header.
And we're going to call it with the string documentation ingestion pipeline.
So this is going to be a nice header.
Then we want to log info to map.
Starting to map documentation structure from.
And this is the URL of the LinkedIn URL.
And let me write it in purple by the way feel free to stop and to write it yourself, or to copy paste
the code from the reference code that I'm going to provide in the videos resources with all the code
to this a couple of videos.
All right.
So now we want to invoke the map object.
And I remind you they invoke here is actually using the map tool which is a wrapper around the API to
turn it into a LinkedIn tool.
All right.
So the result of this function execution we're going to get in the variable sitemap.
And the actual list of URLs is going to be in this variable which is going to be a dictionary.
And it's going to be in the key of results like I showed you in the previous video.
So when we log the results of how many URLs we found, we're going to access the results key here.
Cool.
So let me put a breakpoint here and let me run this in debug mode so we can see the objects and the
results.
So now we're going to run it.
And we can see now the header log documentation ingestion pipeline and really map starting.
Let's wait a couple of seconds.
And now we can see the sitemap variable.
Let's open it up.
It has here a results key.
And here we can see a bunch of URLs of the documentation here.
So we can see we can even go even down a bit.
We can see we get here 100 and we can see the rest below.
Let me just go and finish this execution here.
And we can see here the last log that we managed to scrape 500 URLs.
So we want for each URL that we saw, we want to run and execute a request to, to really extract to
get that content of the documentation.
The way we're going to do this is using some batch processing techniques.
So the API also supports batch processing.
So the extract API can receive also a list of URLs in every API call.
So we don't need to make one API call per URL.
We can make one API call for server URLs that we want to extract.
So what we want to do here is after we discover the link chain documentation in all the URLs, we want
to start batching them.
And we want to get from that large list of lots of URLs.
We want to create batches of URLs and each batch is going to be one extract request.
The batches were going to fire up concurrently.
So they're going to execute simultaneously.
So we get here two levels of parallelism that was hard to pronounce.
So the API supports parallel processing in the API layer.
So we don't need to worry about that.
We just need to adhere and not send too many URLs according to their documentation, and that is going
to be controlled by the batch size that we're going to run.
And the second layer of parallel processing is us going to fire up those requests asynchronously.
They are the classic example of I o bound operations waiting for an API calls to complete.
So this technique is going to get us the documentation in no time.
And trust me before doing it, when I downloaded it manually and I didn't do it concurrently, then
it took me a bunch of hours to do it.
All right.
Let me now paste in this function chunk URLs, which is going to receive the list of URLs and a chunk
size.
And it's going to return a list where each element of that list is going to be a list of URLs.
So those lists are going to be the batches of URLs that we're going to be using.
We covered it in the previous video in the notebook.
So I'm not going to elaborate on that.
It's pretty basic Python here.
So now we have the ability to get the batches here.
And let's go now to our main function.
And we want to execute and run the chunk function with the sitemap.
And we want to give it the chunk size of 20.
And we can play around with the chunk size.
Now I remind you don't make it too big because if you make it too big then the API won't receive it
because you'll be sending too much URLs.
And after we're done chunking, we can log it that we chunked it up.
So let me run this and let me show you the logs and the intermediate results that we're getting now.
So let me just put a breakpoint over here.
Let me run this in debug.
And right now we're going to first map the documentation and then we're going to patch it.
We're going to get the patches.
So let's wait and see.
Cool.
So let's check out the patches.
And we can see here a we have here a list where every element in this list is a list itself.
So every list here is going to contain 20 elements which each element is going to be a URL.
So maybe except the last one which is going to be the remainder of the URLs.
All right so let me continue this and we get here 25 batches.
Alrighty.
So now I want to create a function which is called extract batch which is going to receive a batch which
is a list of URLs.
And it's simply going to make one API call for it.
And it's going to add some padding of logging and exception handling.
So let's go and do that.
All right.
So we have this coroutine named Extract batch.
It receives a list of URLs and the batch number.
I forgot to tell you that it also receives the batch number.
And we need this batch number for observability which we'll see in the logs.
We first start by logging that.
We're starting to process the batch number and the number of URLs that it has.
We're then going to await to extract with the a invoke method.
So this is going to run concurrently the extract a functionality to call the extract API.
And the input to this tool is going to be a dictionary.
And this dictionary is going to be um, the format that I really expect.
So they expect to get in their API, the URLs field.
And that value is going to be the list of URLs, which is going to be our batch here.
So we're then going to run it.
We're going to await it because this is a non-blocking operation.
This is io bound.
And after that, if there are no exceptions, we're going to log that we succeeded, and we're going
to log the number of URLs that we managed to extract and to return those URLs.
Cool.
So now that we have this helper function that simply wraps around the extract tool, we want to run
those batches concurrently.
So I'm going to implement a new function which I'm going to call it async extract.
And this coroutine is going to concurrently extract all the URL.
And it's going to do this by creating coroutines for each batch and executing all those things concurrently.
So this is what this a coroutine itself is going to be doing.
So you can see we started by first logging.
And now let's create the coroutines.
So they'll be stored in a variable which is called tasks.
And tasks is going to hold coroutines.
So we want to enumerate over the URL batches.
So to assign for each URL batch we want to assign it with a number.
So we can keep track of.
And we want to create a coroutine that is going to use to really extract.
So you can see over here in the syntax extract batch which is going to receive the batch itself alongside
with the batch number here.
Now if you're not familiar with async execution then this right over here is not really executing yet.
The coroutines because we did not await those expressions here.
So once we have all of them ready so we'll have here a list of coroutines.
Then we are going to gather.
So this is going to await every coroutine in this list over here.
And all those coroutines are going to execute asynchronously.
And we're going to wait over here until all of them finish.
And once all of them finish, we'll have the entire documentation downloaded.
And it's going to be stored in the results variable over here.
And I'll create two variables.
All pages which will collect all successful extracted documents and the failed batches.
So a counter for tracking how many batches have failed.
And we're going to iterate over each element of the results list which is going to be either a dictionary
containing the extracted content in data format.
So it's going to be a dictionary holding the URL key and the raw content, or an exception and an error
object that indicates that the batch has failed.
So if it's going to be an exception, we want to log an error that the batch has failed and to increase
the counter.
And if it's not an instance of exception, then it means that we have a valid result, and for each
element in that batch result, then we're going to have the URL, which is the source of where it came
from.
And we're going to have the raw content.
And from that we want to create a link chain document.
So the link chain document is going to have the page content.
And it's going to have in its metadata field.
We want to give it the source key.
We want to give it the original URL.
So that's how we're going to keep track of which content came from which URL here.
So this is pretty much it.
Now I know this is a bit of confusing right now because you don't see the objects yourselves.
We're going to soon debug this and see.
But right over here in the right side I created an example of what the output might look like.
So feel free to pause for a moment and check out the structure of the results here.
So nothing fancy here is happening.
Simply some data manipulation and data extraction here.
Cool.
So after we're done with the extraction, we want to log the success of the function and log if there
are any failures in our batches.
And we want to return the all pages variable, which is going to collect a list of length chain documents
containing the length chain documentation content.
Alrighty.
So now let's go in our main function and let's add this extraction here.
So I'm going to await async extract.
I'm going to give it the URL batches.
And I'm going to save everything in the all docs variable here which is supposed to be the flattened
list.
I've already put here a breakpoint and run this in debug.
So right now you're seeing the execution.
And it stopped right over here in line 129.
And you can see in the logs, now that we have 25 batches that we're going to execute.
So let me go and continue this and let me show you what we see in the log here.
So it's going to run now the async extract.
Let me go and play this.
All right.
So now we can see we fired up all the batches execution.
And we can see that we're starting to stream the results.
And notice that there isn't any order for the result.
It's first come first go.
So whatever finishes we get that result.
We can see it in the log here.
And let me just paste in the snippets from the next video.
You can ignore it for now, and I simply want to paste it in so we can put a breakpoint and examine
the documents.
So ignore this right now let me just go and rerun everything and let me change the breakpoints to put
it here.
And now let's rerun everything.
So I want to rerun everything in debug.
And I want to show you the intermediate values here.
So right now we are executing the batches.
We're starting to get the results.
And we finished.
And if we check out the all docs here we can see that here we're getting the link chain documents.
So here we have the link chain documents with a the source which is the original URL and the data itself.
So here we see a page not found.
So this means that we might have gotten a wrong URL.
Or maybe this URL does not exist anymore.
And let me check out another document.
And this is an example of the link chain expression language documentation here.
So looks good.
And right now we're ready to continue.

--- Recap ---

Hey there, Eden here.
And I think now is an excellent time to pause and to reiterate what we did so far and what we have left
to do in the context of our rag ingestion pipeline.
And luckily for us, we are done with the hard part.
And by the way, this is very typical for production grade Rag applications.
A lot of times the hard part is just to get the data to our system.
All right.
So just to elaborate on that.
So far we have taken the source which is the documentation, and we have loaded it into long chain documents.
So this entire process uses external APIs.
It uses to really map to really extract.
We ran everything concurrently.
And there is a lot of depth and a lot of things to optimize over here.
So right now we want to go and prepare everything to be indexed into our vector store.
So this will include two chunk ify and to transform our original documents.
And we're going to split them into smaller chunks.
And we'll soon discuss why.

--- Chunking (Text Splitting) ---

In the next couple of videos, we'll be chunking up the link chain documentation into smaller chunks,
so we'll be able to provide it as context to our LMS.
We are going to then embed.
So we're going to turn those chunks into vectors.
And that vectors are going to be indexed into our vector store.
All right.
So here we have the snippet of the chunking face.
And we start by logging everything.
And the entire chunking process is going to be with the recursive character text filter from name chain.
We're going to provide it with the chunk size of 4000 chunk over up of 200, and it's going to recursively
chunk up our documents.
Now, I do elaborate on the recursive character text splitter in this video over here if you want to
check it out.
But the overall idea here is that it's going to semantically chunk up our documents.
So first it's going to chunk it up by paragraphs, then by new line.
And we want to limit the chunk sizes to 4000 and the chunk overlap to be 200, and those are 4000 characters
and 200 characters.
So after we have the text splitter object ready, we simply use the built in method of split documents
and we provide it with the link chain documents.
Once it's finished, we're going to get back a larger list of documents.
But the documents are going to be chunked up and then we are going to log everything.
So this entire step in the pipeline is very simple to implement.
Link chain is going to do all the heavy lifting for us.
And I just want to mention a few things.
First of all, this isn't a silver bullet chunking method.
So there are many chunking methods and this is a very deep topic.
If you want to go and explore it, there are many strategies small to big semantic chunking and a lot
of cool things you can do in this phase for optimizations.
This is the first thing I wanted to mention.
And second thing I want to say is that because LMS now have larger token limits which can reach these
days in 2025 to 1 million tokens like in a anthropic, and can go to Gemini 2.5 with 2 million input
tokens.
Then this chunking over here that we were doing is important, but it's not the thing we should be focused
on.
And a lot of people are saying that rag is dead because of those larger context windows.
And I think it's important to mention that rag is not dead.
It's evolving.
Even with the rise of huge context windows.
And I'll tell you why it's important.
First of all, we have the cost efficiency because feeding a million token document into a LLM is significantly
slower and far more expensive than simply retrieving just the relevant snippet.
With rag.
Another thing why Rag is important is because of precision and noise reduction and Rag filters to only
the most relevant chunks.
So this is drastically reducing hallucinations and positional biases found in long context methods and
retrieval with intelligent reordering.
So this is a strategy of retrieving the documents improves the answer quality while using fewer tokens
than the full context, and this is proven.
I also want to mention that Rag gives us a lot of user facing features, so you can see the source of
the pieces of information in the answer.
So we can trace back that answer to it and find its origins.
And this is critical to convey trust in the AI system.
And it's very critical in regulated environments.
So I think that rather than saying rag is dead, I think that long context models are complementary
to it, and they support Rag more effectively by handling richer and prompt sequences.
All right.
And the TLDR for everything is that larger context windows don't kill rag, but they amplify it and
magnify the strings.
Alrighty, let's go now and take all of these chunks.
We want to turn them into vectors and let's go and index them in the vector store.

--- Batch Indexing ---

Let's go to the top of this file here, and let's create another function.
And let me go and paste this snippet over here for starts.
And we want to define a coroutine.
So we'll call it index documents async.
And the input is going to be a list of documents link chain documents.
It's going to receive an integer of batch size.
And this coroutine is going to take all the documents.
And it's going to batch index them into the vector store that we're going to be using.
So we'll log that.
This is the vector storage phase.
And we'll log the how many documents we are now going to index.
We want to create a variable called batches, which is going to be a list that contains lists of documents.
And we're going to split the list into batches with the batch size.
So this is what this line is going to do here.
After that we want to log how many batches we have.
So let's go and do that.
And let me go and paste here another coroutine which is inside this coroutine which is called ad batch.
And this coroutine is going to receive a batch which is a list of documents.
So you can probably expect that each batch we have from above, we're going to be calling this function
with.
Anyways.
The second argument here is going to be the batch number.
And we need this batch number for logging.
So in case one batch fails we'll know exactly which batch fails.
And what was the issue.
Maybe it had some um non valid documents or any other reason.
And in this function we want to take the vector store.
And here I'm going to be using pinecone.
And we want to use and call in the way this coroutine a ad.
And we want to call it with this batch.
And this is going to be implemented by LinkedIn, and it's going to take all the documents.
It's going to use the embeddings model and transform each document into a vector with the embeddings
model.
And then it's going to index it into the vector store.
And after we do that we want to log success in case we didn't get an exception.
And if we get an exception we want to simply log it and we want to return false.
And if everything succeeded we want to return true.
So we managed to add the batches.
And we're going to process this add batches functions concurrently.
So this is what we're going to do here.
We want to create a variable of tasks.
And here we're going to enumerate over the batches.
And we're going to get a number for every batch here.
And once we have the batch and the batch number we want to create for each batch, a coroutine of the
add batch which is going to receive the batch and the batch number.
So once we do that, tasks is going to hold a list of coroutines of all the batches that we need to
index and we want to process.
And once we do that we can call async IO gather with the tasks.
And we're going to await that.
And that's going to fire up all the coroutines concurrently.
And they are going to run independently.
And they're going to index all the documents into our vector store.
So this is going to optimize our runtime.
The results variable over here is going to hold a list of booleans.
And hopefully all of them are going to be true.
If all of them succeeded.
And if we add some failure it's going to hold false.
And let me go and paste this snippet over here.
And here we simply want to count how many successful batches we had.
And we want to make sure that the number of batches that were successful is equals to the number of
batches.
If so, we'll log that there is a success.
If not, we're simply going to log a warning.
And let's go here to the main function here.
And let's await index documents async.
And let's call it with all the splitted documents.
And we'll give it the batch size of 500.
Now remember depending on which vector store we are going to be using, we will need to adjust this
number here and this batch size here.
It's not a magic number.
We need to find the sweet spot of making this number big enough but not too big.
Because if it's going to be too big, we're going to be rate limited and we can be rate limited from
the embeddings model.
So the embeddings model have a tokens per minute or tokens per second, a limit that we do not want
to go through.
And we can even have a vector store limitation.
So the vector store which is going to be cloud based, usually has also a limit of how much it can process
per minute or per second, but usually we do not hit these limits.
The main limitation here is going to be our embeddings model.
And I'm going to be using here pinecone as the vector store.
Lastly, let's go and add a bunch of logs.
Once the pipeline is completed, that will tell.
How many documents did we scrape?
How many URLs did we have?
How many chunks did we index.
And yeah, we want all those stats.
Cool.
Let's go now and run all this code here and let's see what we get.
I also want to open pinecone so we can see everything in real time.
And we can see live the documents being indexed.
So right now we can see we don't have any documents in the vector store.
And let's wait until we get the documentation.
And right now I'm using the code from the optional video.
I'm getting all of it manually.
So we got the documentation.
We severely map interview extract and now we're chunking everything.
After we're chunking, we want to take all of the splits and we want to create batches.
And each batch is going to be indexed in a different call.
So now we can see we indexed a one batch.
Let me refresh the page.
And it might take a couple of seconds until we see the actual vectors in the uh in the vector store.
So let me wait for a second.
Let me go and refresh it one more time.
And right now we can see we have the vectors which are ingested.
So we have the actual content and we have the source and we have the vector ID.
Now it's also important to note that we have also the original text.
And this is important to save because there is no backwards function from a vector to the text that
it represents.
So the embeddings function doesn't have an invert function that correlates to it.
And if I'm going to geek out for a moment and remember my math classes in university, this is a one
way function, the embeddings function.
So it's important to save also the text.
So when we get back the query from the vector stores doing direct.
So doing the retrieval we getting the text back.
So we're not only getting the vector.
So this is something very important to note.
And we can see that we manage to index 6506 documents.
And you can see here in the right side the number of documents that are ingested in pinecone.
So the numbers should match.
And if you don't have the same number so either some of the batches failed or you need to wait a couple
of moments until it finished syncing.
Alrighty, I want to show you something else here.
Now remember when we talked about the retry mean seconds?
So let me go and remove these arguments from our embeddings.
Object we of LinkedIn and let's see what happens.
And I want to show you that if we remove it in this constellation of all of our documents, we're going
to be rate limited.
So you can say removed it.
Now let me run everything again and let me show you the error that we get.
So we're expecting to get this error once we have all the documents.
And we are going to index them.
Because in that process we are going to embed every document and turn it into a vector.
And that's where we're going to hit the rate limit.
And because we don't have the retry mechanism, I mean we do, but we have the default which has a lower
value.
Then we're going to get rate limited.
All right.
So now we are indexing the documents.
So the first step is to turn each vector each document into a vector.
And let's wait and see what happens.
And boom we get here an error so we can see we failed.
We can see the batch number and we can see we get a 4 to 9, which is a rate limit error.
And we can see that the rate limit came from us trying to embed with text embedding three small here.
Now we can see by the way in each error code we can see how much time do we need to keep waiting here.
All right let me go and bring that back.
And now let me use Chrome ADB instead of pinecone.
So I'm going to rename the variable in chrome to be vector store.
And everything should run the same here.
And notice now when we are starting to run it, then we're going to create a chrome adb directory.
And you can see it on the left side here.
And we're going to start indexing there.
And we can see now that Chrome is actually using an SQLite DB.
All right.
So now we can see we're still getting rate limited.
And this is because we haven't really wasted the time we needed to wait in between the and the runs.
So.
And don't mind that, but let me show you that we actually go and index everything in Chrome at this
time and not in pinecone.
All right.
So we can see that here we manage to index a sum of the batches.
Sum failed.
And but anyways everything is saved here in Chrome adb.
If we want we can use it as well.
It's persistent because it's saved in the chrome adb directory.
Alrighty, so I hope you enjoyed the video and you enjoyed the ingestion pipeline.
And the next step is to go and do the retrieval.
So let's go and do that.
And by the way, all the videos that you saw in this section are actually new.
So right now I used a different index name.
My index name in pinecone was linked in docs 2025, and I'm going to have a different index name in
the rest of the videos.
So just giving you a heads up.
Cool.
So see you in the next video.

--- Retrieval Agent Implementation ---

1
Hey there, Idan here, and in this video,
2
we are going to be implementing the retrieval part.
3
And let's go to the code.
4
So I'm going to go to the backend directory here.
5
Let's go and create here a Dundas core init file,
6
just to turn it into a package.
7
And let's go and let me go and create a core.py file.
8
And here we're going to implement the retrieval part.
9
All right, let's start with the imports.
10
Let's import OS to handle environment variables.
11
Let's go and import from typing,
12
type Any and Dict,
13
and those are going to be type-ins
14
for our function declarations.
15
We want to import load_dotenv
16
to load environment variables.
17
We saw all of this before.
18
We want to import the create_agent function,
19
which we saw before as well.
20
And now we're introducing something new, the initChatModel.
21
And the initChatModel is a very convenient way
22
which we are going to use to initialize
23
very quickly a chat client to make the LLM request.
24
Now, this is a general function
25
which is going to receive a string
26
and it's going to return us the correct chat model.
27
We're going to see it,
28
it's very cool and it's very convenient to use.
29
All right, let's go and also use ToolMessage.
30
and we're going to be implementing everything,
31
the entire retrieval pipeline,
32
with an agent which is going to have a retrieval tool.
33
So it's going to retrieve the relevant content,
34
the document,
35
and this retrieval is going to be marked as a tool message.
36
So I remind you, a tool message
37
is going to be a type of message
38
that is containing tool execution,
39
and in our case, it's going to be the retrieval tool,
40
which we're going to implement.
41
Let's import also tool, because we want to create this tool.
42
And we want to use the PineconeVectorStore.
43
You can use Chroma.
44
I'm going to use in this video PineconeVectorStore
45
for the retrieval itself.
46
And of course, we need an embeddings model
47
because we want to embed the query
48
and turn it into a vector
49
before we get the relevant context.
50
All right. So now we want to load the environment variables,
51
and up until now was just the inputs.
52
So now we want to initialize the embeddings model,
53
and I'm going to use text embedding 3 small.
54
And I remind you, this must correlate
55
and this must match the size of the vectors
56
when you initialize your vector store in Pinecone.
57
So make sure you're going to be using
58
the same embedding model.
59
And now we want to initialize the vector store,
60
so we want to give it the index name.
61
And here I re-recorded this video,
62
so I gave it the langchain-docs-2026.
63
And we want to pass the vector store,
64
just like in the earlier video,
65
an embeddings object.
66
So it will know how to embed the text
67
and work with the embedding.
68
We want to also now init a chat model.
69
And here, look how easy it is.
70
We're simply going to tell that the model provider
71
is going to be OpenAI
72
and that we're going to be wanting to use GPT-5.2.
73
So you can see here in the actual implementation itself,
74
all of the strings, right?
75
So you can see in order to use OpenAI,
76
this is the string we need to write.
77
Cool. So here you can see
78
all of the supported models
79
because it doesn't support all of the models,
80
but the major ones are here.
81
And it's very easy to use.
82
If you wanted to use Gemini,
83
we'd simply need to change this string
84
to represent a Google gen AI
85
and to write the Gemini version that we want
86
according to the function implementation here.
87
All right, so let's now go and implement our function.
88
And our function is going to be called retrieve_context,
89
and it's going to receive a query
90
and this query is going to be the user query.
91
Now this function is going to be a tool.
92
So let's go and use the tool decorator.
93
And we want to have the response format
94
as content and artifact.
95
So the response format,
96
you can see it right over here,
97
it can be either content or content_and_artifact,
98
where the default is content.
99
If it's going to be content,
100
then this tool should only return one value.
101
And if it's going to be content_and_artifact,
102
this tool should return two values.
103
Now this is going to be very convenient
104
to mark other information
105
which we want to downstream to the application
106
and not send to the LLM.
107
So I know you're probably not making any sense of it,
108
but trust me, once we're going to debug it,
109
you'll see the difference
110
between content and between artifact.
111
Anyways, just to summarize, this response format
112
simply is going to mean that
113
this tool is going to return two return values.
114
All right.
115
So the description is going to be as follows.
116
"Retrieve relevant documentation
117
to help answer user queries about LangChain"
118
'cause it's going to be a LangChain retrieval tool.
119
So this is going to help the agent
120
determine whether to use this tool or not.
121
And notice here that I didn't mention even the return values
122
because it's going to be derived
123
from this content and artifact.
124
All right, so let's go do the implementation.
125
So we want to take the vector, we want to embed it,
126
then we want to find all its relevant documents
127
that are most relevant to that vector,
128
and then we want to return it.
129
So let's go and do it.
130
And we're going to take the vector store,
131
we're going to use the as_retriever function
132
like we saw in the previous section,
133
and we're going to be using the invoke method here.
134
Now I remind you, for a retriever,
135
so this entire thing is a retriever,
136
an invoke method is going to perform similarity search.
137
And in similarity search, we can provide the query.
138
So this is the question string
139
that we want to embed and find the relevant documents.
140
Here, we can also provide the number of documents
141
we want to get at most.
142
So this is the k=4 here.
143
So this finally is going to give us
144
a list of documents we can augment our prompt here.
145
And now we want to go and we want to serialize everything.
146
Just like we saw in the previous section,
147
we want to go and to iterate over the documents.
148
And we want to take the content of the documents
149
and we want to take the sources of the documents
150
which we indexed before.
151
And eventually you want to get a big string
152
that we want to attach to our prompt
153
and this is the prompt augmentation here.
154
So this is going to be the serialized context
155
which we're going to pass
156
and downstream eventually to the LLM.
157
Amazing.
158
And lastly, now, all we want to do
159
is to return also the serialized content.
160
So this is going to be the content
161
from the content and artifact,
162
and also the retrieved docs.
163
So this is going to be an artifact.
164
Now, why I am making this distinction?
165
Now, notice what's going to happen now.
166
We are going to be downstreaming
167
the serialized documents here to the LLM.
168
However, I want to downstream to the application
169
and not the LLM,
170
the retrieved documents in their LangChain documents form.
171
So this is why we have here a distinction,
172
because if we were to return only the serialized documents,
173
then I wouldn't have this document object I can work with.
174
So I want to keep that so I can work with.
175
And eventually, this is going to go to the LLM,
176
and this is not going to go to the LLM.
177
This is going to stay in the application.
178
And once we debug it,
179
we're going to be seeing this in the traces.
180
So this is the entire RetrieveContext tool here.
181
So now we want to create an agent
182
which is going to be using that tool.
183
All right, so let me define a wrapper function
184
because I want to wrap everything under a function.
185
I'm going to call this function run_llm.
186
It's going to receive a query
187
and it's going to return us a dictionary.
188
This function is going to run the RAG retrieval pipeline
189
to answer a question.
190
It's going to receive the user query
191
and it's going to return a dictionary,
192
which is going to have the answer,
193
which is the generated answer by the LLM,
194
and it's going to return context.
195
So it's going to be the list of retrieved documents.
196
And I'm going to give you a quick hint.
197
This context here is going to be derived here
198
from this retrieved_docs here.
199
So this is why we need it and we'll soon go and see it.
200
All right, so let's start create the agent
201
with one retrieval tool
202
and let's start with the system prompt.
203
And the system prompt is going to go as follows.
204
"You are a helpful AI assistant
205
that answers questions about LangChain documentation.
206
You have access to a tool
207
that retrieves relevant documentation.
208
Use the tool to find relevant information
209
before answering questions.
210
Always cite the sources you use in your answers.
211
If you cannot find the answer
212
in the retrieved documentation, say so."
213
Cool. So the last part
214
is actually very, very important
215
because if the documentation helper
216
doesn't know how to answer, we don't want it to hallucinate.
217
So this is going to be helping with that.
218
So let's go now and use the create_agent function
219
like we saw before.
220
We're going to give it the model.
221
We're going to give it the tools of the retrieve_context.
222
And we're going it the system_prompt we saw before.
223
So this is going to run langref under the hood,
224
I remind you.
225
And now let's go and build this message list
226
and this invocation from the query.
227
So we want to take this query,
228
which is a string right here,
229
and we want to create a message,
230
which is going to have the role of the user
231
and the content is going to be the user query,
232
simply building a message object.
233
And now we want to invoke the graph
234
and we want to give it the list of messages
235
of this list over here.
236
So I remind you, the create agent function,
237
when you invoke it,
238
it expects to receive a dictionary with a messages key.
239
And we're going to get back a response,
240
and the response,
241
because we're going to run a lot of tool calls,
242
and we're going to have tool messages,
243
who are going to sit in the trace,
244
we want to take from the response,
245
we're going to have all the messages history,
246
want to take the last message and to access its content.
247
So far, we created a very simple agent,
248
we invoke it, we got here the response.
249
And now we want to also,
250
we want to return the documents
251
that help the agent answer the question,
252
because we want to show the user
253
where the answer was grounded for.
254
So it's going to create trust with the user
255
because they can go to the link
256
where the answer was generated from.
257
So this concept of showing the user
258
where does the answer come from
259
really creates trust,
260
and it's a really important part
261
of the agentic user experience.
262
So we want now to take, I remind you,
263
this tool which ran,
264
it also returned the documents themselves.
265
So we want now to access that, right?
266
So I told you earlier
267
that we used the content_and_artifact here.
268
So in fact, we can go and access this variable here
269
of retrieved_docs.
270
We can access the value here from the tool message.
271
And I'm going to show it in debug mode.
272
So now I want to extract the context documents
273
from the tool message artifacts here.
274
So I'm going to initialize an empty list
275
and I'm going to iterate through all the messages here.
276
And I'm going to search for all the messages
277
which are type ToolMessage
278
and are going to have the attribute of artifact.
279
So this means that this tool message
280
is going to have an artifact field
281
which is not going to be empty.
282
So this is going to be only for the result
283
of this tool execution right over here.
284
So if that is the case,
285
I want to go and I want to take the context docs,
286
which is an empty list right now,
287
and I want to append to it this entire list here,
288
because the value of artifact is going to be a list.
289
And finally, let's finish this function
290
by returning an answer and a context.
291
So the answer is going to be the LLM response.
292
And the context now is going to be a list of documents
293
which we took from the artifact of the tool execution.
294
So this is the entire function.
295
Now, let me go and implement an example
296
so you can see everything I talked about
297
and let's go and debug it.
298
So I created if __name == '__main__':,
299
and I'm going to run the LLM function
300
with the query of "what are deep agents?"
301
and I'm going to be printing the result.
302
So let me now run it in debug.

--- Run, Debug, Trace RAG Agent ---

1
Cool, so let's check out what we get
2
and then you'll understand what's happening.
3
Alright, so here we can see that we have here the answer.
4
Now let me show you now the result,
5
which is going to be the result of the agent execution.
6
So in the result here, we have here an answer
7
and we have here the context.
8
So you can see the context here are a bunch of documents
9
and we can see their IDs
10
and we can see what are their sources,
11
this metadata and those are going to be the documents
12
which help us come up with the answer.
13
Here we can see the answer.
14
Now let me show you where everything came from, alright?
15
Alright, so let's go and debug this.
16
So I'm going to put a break point.
17
Let's go and put a break point here
18
and let me go and run it in debug mode.
19
Cool, so we got here, and let's go and check out
20
what happened after we invoked here, this agent.
21
So let's go and check this response variable here
22
because this is going to be holding the entire information,
23
all of the information we need.
24
Alright, so let's go and check out the response object.
25
And here we're going to have a list of messages.
26
The first message is going to be our input,
27
which was "What are deep agents?"
28
And you can see we reacted as a human message.
29
LangChain, I remind you, it's converted it into
30
a human message object by itself.
31
Then it had a tool call.
32
We can see now this AI message is a tool call
33
which wants to invoke the retrieve context tool.
34
So we can see here this is a tool call
35
which want to use the retrieve context tool
36
and this is the query it's going to send it
37
and we have the ID and everything.
38
And now LangChain is going to be executing this tool call.
39
So after the tool call, we are getting a tool message.
40
So this tool message is going
41
to contain this tool response here.
42
So the result of the tool execution.
43
Now because we used the response format of content
44
and artifact, we are returning here two values.
45
This is going to be the content
46
and this is going to be the artifact.
47
So right here in the tool message here,
48
if I'm going to go to the content attribute,
49
we can see here this string here
50
and we can see it starts with source,
51
then it's going to have the sources
52
and then it's going to have the content
53
of the pages themselves.
54
So this is this serialized string we formatted nicely
55
which this we want to downstream into the LLM.
56
And then we have now the retrieved docs here
57
and this is going to be the artifact.
58
So here we are going to have an artifact.
59
Let's go and look for the artifact. Here you go.
60
An artifact here is going to be a list of the documents.
61
So this is the document, this is the page content
62
about deep agents and why this is important
63
and why did we do it.
64
Because you see this list of messages over here?
65
So when we actually go and send it to the LLM,
66
the artifact is something we are not
67
sending to the LLM.
68
This is something for us to use in the application
69
we're going to be building
70
as another place to keep results here.
71
So this is why it's convenient.
72
So it's not going to pollute the context
73
because we have already the sources,
74
we have already documents, we don't really need them.
75
But if we want to have a pythonic object we can work with
76
to do later in the application maybe to render it nicely.
77
So this is why it's used for.
78
So just to reiterate on this, this tool message here,
79
when we make a call to the LLM,
80
the artifact is not being sent.
81
So here this artifact, which is a list of documents,
82
it's not going to be sent to the LLM.
83
Cool, so we got to this breakpoint over here
84
and here we simply formatting it nicely.
85
We're taking the answer from the last place of the messages,
86
you can see it right over here,
87
and sending the context key with context doc
88
and this is later, we can go
89
and use it in our frontend maybe to render it nicely here.
90
And let me go and finish here this execution.
91
And here we can see all of the documents which are printed
92
and here we can see the answer.
93
Deep agent is a term LangChain coined for agents
94
that can handle a complex open-ended tasks
95
over longer time horizons.
96
So now let me go and open LangSmith
97
and let's see the trace.
98
So when we're going to be seeing the trace here,
99
it's going to be much more readable.
100
So here I can open here this trace
101
and we can see this ran under LangGraph
102
because eventually it's going to be a LangGraph graph.
103
This is the human input, "What are deep agents?"
104
Then we went to the model.
105
The model decided that we want to make a tool call.
106
Okay, here is the system message.
107
So the tool call was to retrieve context with the query
108
of LangChain's deep agent's definition.
109
This is cool. So it actually rephrased my question.
110
So it searched in the vector store
111
deep agent definition, not what are deep agents.
112
So this is also nice to see.
113
Then LangChain went and ran the tool
114
and here you can see we used the retrieve context tool.
115
So here we can see that we are using the retriever
116
and we find the relevant documents
117
to answer the question here.
118
You can see this is the documents content,
119
this is the source attribute which we made sure
120
is going to be valid when we indexed the documents
121
from before.
122
And I want to show you something.
123
If we go to the LangChain RAG agent documentation.
124
Let's go here and let's look for the snippets
125
right over here.
126
Here we go.
127
So here you can see what in the docs they're doing,
128
they're using the vector store as is
129
and they're using its raw similarity search tool, okay?
130
Now we use the as retriever.
131
Now this difference, and I urge you,
132
go and try to see for yourself the difference
133
why I used here the as retriever is because
134
it's going to render much more nicely in LangSmith.
135
Because if we were to simply use the vector store
136
similarity search, then this won't be indexed
137
as nicely in LangSmith in the tracing.
138
So eventually we got here after the tool execution,
139
we got here the docs.
140
And if we'll go and check out this view over here,
141
we can even see our LangGraph state under the hood.
142
I know we haven't learned about LangGraph,
143
but this is in case you want to see it.
144
And don't worry we're going to be covering
145
later in the course.
146
Here we made the final LLM call.
147
So this was the original prompt.
148
It had now the history that we used
149
the retrieve context tool,
150
then we have the tool information here,
151
the tool execution results.
152
And finally it used this to render the answer.
153
And here we have the answer here.
154
And let's go and check out what are deep agents.
155
And here we can see the blog on deep agents
156
which we're going to be covering in the course as well.
157
Alright, so let me go and commit this to the repo.
158
So let me go and write, "updated retrieval
159
to latest LangChain code."
160
and let me go and push it.
161
Alright, and if you want to check out the code
162
for this video, you can go to the branch
163
2-retrieval-qa-finish.
164
And you can see here if you'll go to backend/core.py,
165
this is what we did right now.

--- "Frontend" with Streamlit (UI) ---

1
Hey there, Eden here, and in this video
2
we are going to be building our front end
3
to our RAG retrieval pipeline.
4
So we are going to be building a very simple user interface
5
so we can visually test and QA what we've done so far.
6
And for that we're going to be using Streamlit.
7
So Streamlit is a very popular open-source package
8
which enable us to create very intuitive
9
and simple user interfaces in Python.
10
And yes, I said Python.
11
We're not going to be writing any JavaScript code today
12
because with Streamlit we can use Python.
13
And we can go for the playground, for example.
14
And we're going to be doing something very similar
15
to this chat application you're seeing right here.
16
So we're going to be writing an interface
17
in Python to do that.
18
So we're going to be writing, in Python, an application
19
that is going to yield something very similar to this.
20
You can check out here in the playground
21
some other examples.
22
And by the way, Streamlit originally started as being a tool
23
for data scientists to visualize their data.
24
And you can see here, for example,
25
here we're displaying some charts over some data,
26
and it's actually very, very intuitive to use.
27
All this interface, only a couple of lines
28
of Python code, which is very convenient.
29
And just a quick disclaimer, this is not for production,
30
so I wouldn't recommend you using Streamlit
31
if you want to expose a chat application.
32
For that I'm going to make another video about generative UI
33
and show you how you can do it with TypeScript and Next.js.
34
Cool. So let's go now.
35
And I created a new main.py file
36
and here I'm going to be writing the implementation.
37
So let's start with some imports,
38
and let's import from streamlit st.
39
And this is going to be our streamlit application object.
40
We are going to be working through this entire tutorial.
41
We want to also import the run_llm function we wrote
42
from the backend.core.
43
All right, and those are all the imports
44
we're going to be needing for this video.
45
All right, let's go implement a function
46
which is called _format_sources, which is going
47
to receive context_docs as input.
48
And this is going to be a list.
49
And here it's going to be some LangChain documents,
50
and it's going to return us a list of URLs.
51
Why do you want to do it?
52
Because we want to render nicely for each response
53
we get from the LLM after the retrieval, we want to cite
54
where we grounded the answer from.
55
So we want to display it nicely as a list.
56
So this is why we need this helper function.
57
So this function is going to be returning a list of strings,
58
and we simply need to go and to iterate
59
over the context_docs.
60
So this is what we're doing over here.
61
We're iterating over the context_docs,
62
which are LangChain documents.
63
Now if those context_docs, crossing fingers,
64
are going to have the metadata field, because we added
65
to the metadata when we index the documents,
66
if they're going to have a metadata field,
67
then what we're going to be doing, we are going
68
to be extracting the URL from the metadata.
69
So this is why we first check that there is a metadata,
70
and then if it is, we simply go now
71
and have a meta variable.
72
So this line over here helps us to filter out
73
all the documents that has this metadata key,
74
and we want to save this metadata into this meta variable.
75
So now we want to access from this meta variable,
76
which is the metadata.
77
We want to extract the sources.
78
If we don't have any sources,
79
we want to write here "Unknown."
80
And eventually you want to cast everything into a string
81
just in case we don't have a string,
82
so this is some defensive programming.
83
So this is the helper function which is going to help us
84
render nicely the citations of the answer of the LLM.
85
So let's go now and let's write some Streamlit code.
86
It's going to be very, very short
87
and we're going to see how we can get up and running
88
a very quick interface to prototype our application.
89
So I want to start by using the streamlit object,
90
and it has this set_page_config, which is going to configure
91
the basic settings of the applications,
92
like the page title and the layout type.
93
So I'm going to write that,
94
and let me now in the terminal
95
write "pipenv run streamlit run main.py" file.
96
So it's going to run a streamlit application,
97
which is going to be using the main file
98
as our source to the application.
99
And we want to run everything with pipenv,
100
with the virtual environment we created with pipenv.
101
And if you're going to be using uv, it's very similar.
102
To do it simply you need to go to the virtual environment
103
and run "streamlit run main.py."
104
So we can see now we popped out a small browser
105
and we have now an application running.
106
We don't really see anything
107
because this application is empty.
108
So let's go and add something to this application.
109
And if I'm going to write Command-L here in my browser,
110
you can see here this is the title of the page,
111
"LangChain Documentation Helper," which came from here.
112
And let's go now and add a title to the page.
113
We're going to be doing that with the method of title,
114
which is going to receive the body of the text
115
we want to display.
116
And here we want to display
117
"LangChain Documentation Helper."
118
So if I'm going to go back to the application here,
119
let me refresh it,
120
we can see here we have "LangChain Documentation Helper."
121
And notice this is running now in debug mode by default
122
so I don't need to stop this application and run it again.
123
Let's go now and create a sidebar in Streamlit.
124
And for that we're going to be using
125
the Streamlit sidebar context manager.
126
Now everything indented here is going to be a part
127
of the sidebar.
128
So let me write subheader session.
129
And this is going to display the text
130
in a subheader formatting.
131
And let's go to the application, let's look how it looks.
132
So here we can see we have a sidebar
133
which we can toggle on and off.
134
And we have here this subheader of session here.
135
So first thing I want to do is to create a button
136
which is going to reset our chat,
137
which is going to allow us to easily debug our application.
138
So I'm going to use this Streamlit button,
139
and I'm going to call this button "Clear chat."
140
And I'm going to use use_container_width=True.
141
This means that the width of this button is going
142
to be the width of its container, which is the sidebar.
143
And here you can see all of the different settings
144
you can use this function,
145
but its return value is going to be a boolean
146
if the button was clicked on the last run of the app or not.
147
So if somebody is going to click this button,
148
we want to clear this chat.
149
So this chat is going to have messages.
150
And I'm going to give you a quick hint.
151
We are going to be saving all of the messages
152
in the front end application, in the Streamlit application,
153
and we're going to be setting it in a very special place
154
inside the Streamlit application,
155
which is called session state.
156
So when you fire up a Streamlit application,
157
you basically have a dictionary
158
where you can store intermediate results and you can store
159
the data from a previous user interactions.
160
So we are going to be saving all of the messages we got back
161
and forth from the user, to the LLM, back to the LLM,
162
we're going to be saving that in the Streamlit application.
163
So what we're going to do if somebody is going to click
164
the button to clear the chat, we want to go and delete
165
everything from that session, right?
166
And for that we need to go and access the session_state.
167
This is the object how it's called in Streamlit.
168
And this is simply a dictionary.
169
So we can use the .pop method of that dictionary,
170
and we simply want to pop the messages key, right?
171
So if we're going to be doing that,
172
we're going to be clearing the chat.
173
And then after we do that, we want to rerun the application.
174
We want to refresh it to start from a clean slate,
175
so it's going to render again.
176
So let's go to the code now.
177
And here you can see we have now a session here.
178
Once we click it, it's actually going to clear
179
the session state.
180
We don't really have anything right now,
181
so it's not going to do anything, but later
182
it's going to remove all of the interaction
183
and all of the messages between us,
184
between the user and the LLM.
185
All right, so we are done with the sidebar.
186
Now let's go and show some user messages.
187
All right, so now we want to write some code
188
which is going to display the messages from the user
189
and from the LLM, we want to display all the chat messages.
190
And for that we want to iterate over the messages
191
and to simply print them.
192
However, when we were going to be starting the application,
193
we still don't have any messages.
194
So let's start by writing a placeholder message.
195
So if there aren't messages in the session state,
196
so this means we fired up the application,
197
nothing happened yet, then we want to add
198
to the messages key here in the session_state,
199
we want to add here an example message.
200
So let's go and add an example message
201
with the role of "assistant" and the content
202
of "Ask me anything about LangChain docs.
203
I'll retrieve relevant context and cite sources."
204
And let's go and write sources equals to an empty list here.
205
So this is an artificial message we are going to be storing
206
in the session_state in the messages key.
207
I remind you the message_state is simply dictionary,
208
which is going to have the key of "messages."
209
And right now we are populating it with a list
210
that contains one message.
211
And now we want to go
212
and we want to iterate over all the messages.
213
So we are going to be iterating over the session_state
214
in the messages.
215
So this is going to be a list of messages,
216
whether a user message or an AI message.
217
And here we are going to be iterating on those messages.
218
So for each message we want now to create a container
219
which is going to be holding the message.
220
So let's use the with streamlit.chat_message.
221
And this is here is going to insert
222
a chat message container.
223
And in its parameters we can give it a name.
224
So it can be either user, assistant, ai, human, or string.
225
And this is going to give that message a role,
226
and it's going to have a different theme
227
for the message accordingly, with an avatar,
228
and we're going to be seeing it now when we run it.
229
So for every message I want to go
230
and I want to display its content.
231
So everything under this indentation over here,
232
under chat_message, is going to be displayed
233
according to the current role.
234
So here I want to display the content of the message.
235
I remind you in the example message here we have the role
236
of "assistant" and the content here, this is the content.
237
To display the sources, we want to display
238
it nicely in a dropdown.
239
So we're going to be using an expander object,
240
which is going to insert a multielement container
241
that can be expanded/collapsed.
242
So we're going to give it the title of sources
243
and here we're simply going to show the sources.
244
So we're going to be iterating through all the links
245
of the sources we're going to be getting.
246
And we are going to use the Markdown, which is going
247
to be formatting the strings as Markdown here.
248
We can see now we have here this first message,
249
"Ask me anything about LangChain docs.
250
I'll retrieve the context and cite sources."
251
And notice here, here we have the avatar of a robot.
252
And let me go back here to write, for example, "user,"
253
And this is going to be changing to user here.
254
So this changed once I changed the role here.
255
Now here in the sources, for example,
256
let me put here "www.langchain.com,"
257
and here we can see the expander
258
and now it has an element of LangChain.
259
If we're going to have more, we can also add here
260
"www.anthropic.com."
261
Here we can see too.
262
So everything here is being formatted as Markdown.
263
And this dash over here is going to be displayed
264
in Markdown as a list item, for those of you who know.
265
So let's go and reset this.
266
So now it's going to be empty.
267
Cool. So this is the application so far.
268
So now we want to create the text area
269
where the user can input the message.
270
So let's go back, and for that we're going to be using
271
streamlit chat_input.
272
And this is going to be a container
273
which is going to have the chat that the user input.
274
So here we're going to give it some placeholder text,
275
"Ask a question about LangChain."
276
And once the user submits the query under the text area,
277
it's going to be saved here in prompt.
278
So let me go and show you that.
279
Let's go to the application, let's refresh it.
280
Here you can see the new text area.
281
Let me write, "Hello."
282
And this "Hello" is going to be saved now
283
to this prompt here, and when a user is going to write
284
a message, "Hello," we want to first display it.
285
So let's write if prompt,
286
and this is going to be executed only if the user
287
pressed Enter or submitted the the input.
288
So here if the user have inserted a prompt,
289
so first thing first, we appended it
290
to the session state now.
291
Now so we have the history.
292
And now we want to print it,
293
we want to display it to the user.
294
So we are going to be writing with streamlit chat message
295
like before, but this time it's going to be a user message
296
because we know for sure at this point of time
297
that this is going to be a user message
298
and we simply want to display it in Markdown,
299
display the user prompt.
300
So let me go and save and show you how it looks.
301
Let's go refresh it.
302
Let me write here, "Hello."
303
And this is simply printing it.
304
If we're going to be changing it to AI for example,
305
and we're going to be writing "Hello,"
306
I'm going to see it's going to be the avatar of the AI.
307
So let me change it back to user.
308
So now we want to create now an assistant message.
309
All right, so now under this chat message,
310
everything indented over here is going to be displayed
311
in the container of the assistant chat message.
312
So this is going to be the response of the LLM.
313
So we want to run now our agent,
314
and we want to execute it with the user input.
315
So let me now add a try/except clause here.
316
And this is because we're going to be running
317
our RAG agent here and the RAG agent may fail.
318
So if it fails, we still want to display something
319
to the user and we don't want
320
this entire application to crash.
321
So here I'm going to be using the streamlit.error
322
and the streamlit.exception to do some error handling.
323
Let's now go and use a spinner object now.
324
So this is going to be displaying under the chat message
325
here a spinner, which is going to show the user
326
something is happening.
327
And we want to write the text, "Retrieving docs
328
and generating answer."
329
And here we want to run the run_llm function
330
with the user prompt,
331
and we are going to be getting a response back, right?
332
So let me now show you how it's going to be looking.
333
So let's go and write, "Hello."
334
So here we can see the spinner, "Retrieving docs,"
335
and we can see it ended
336
because we got a response from the LLM.
337
So let's go and extract this response.
338
So I'm going to get the answer key from the response.
339
If there is by some reason no answer,
340
I'm simply going to be writing, "No answer returned."
341
So here we're going to have the answer,
342
and now we want to get the sources.
343
So now we want to have a list of URLs we can display nicely.
344
So I'm going to be using the _format_sources,
345
and I'm going to give it the context key,
346
which is going to hold all of the documents
347
which grounded the answer, if we retrieved anything.
348
All right, so now let's go first and let's go
349
and show the answer.
350
So let me refresh it.
351
Let me write, "Hello."
352
So we got here the answer and our function went through.
353
And you notice here we didn't get any documents
354
because we didn't ask anything about LangChain.
355
And let's go now and print the sources like before.
356
So if we have sources we want to show them.
357
So we're going to be using the expander object,
358
we're going to be giving you the title of "Sources"
359
and we want to iterate over the sources
360
and print them in Markdown as a list here.
361
So this is going to be printing the sources.
362
Let me now refresh it.
363
Let me write, "Hello."
364
We can see we are not printing it
365
and this is because we didn't retrieve anything.
366
Let's write now, "What are deep agents?"
367
We can see it's taking a bit longer.
368
And here we can see we have an answer about deep agents,
369
and we can see we have all the sources here,
370
and we can see we even have a duplicate source.
371
This is something which happens sometimes
372
and it's not a problem to fix it.
373
We can simply remove the duplicates
374
with some Python set objects.
375
Maybe we'll do it later.
376
And now, if I'm going to be sending a message,
377
notice what's going to be happening.
378
We can see our previous response disappeared,
379
and this is because we forgot to save it
380
in the session state.
381
So let's go and do that.
382
Let's add to the session_state the message,
383
and now we have now the role of assistant
384
because it's going to be the result of the agent.
385
The content is going to be the answer of the agent,
386
and source is going to come from the sources variable
387
after we formatted them nicely as a list.
388
All right, so let me write here,
389
"Hello, what can you do for me?"
390
And once we get a message, let me write
391
"Deep agents, explain."
392
And now we're going to see this text here,
393
which it output us we're going to be saving.
394
Boom, we get here an answer, and we get here the sources,
395
and look up, we can see we still have the history,
396
and this is because we added the response
397
of the agent to the Streamlit session state right over here.
398
And if we'll clear the chat,
399
we can see we removed everything.
400
Hello. So we start from a clean slate.
401
So this is why we wanted this clear chat here.
402
It's very convenient.
403
All right, so you can find everything
404
in the branch 3-frontend-finish.
405
Let me write git add main.
406
Let's write git commit -m "added frontend."
407
Let me git push.
408
And if you want to access it, you can simply go to the repo,
409
go to the branches here,
410
and here you have 3-frontend-finish.
411
And you can see you have your main.py file.
412
And here is everything we implemented.
413
All right, so I hope you enjoyed this video
414
and we built a very simple interface to run our RAG agent.
415
Now of course this is not production grade.
416
In fact, we didn't really reflect to the user
417
what's happening in the agent.
418
And when building AI agents, it's really important
419
to communicate to the user what's happening with the agent,
420
how they can trust the output of the agent,
421
because we want to communicate what's the state,
422
what's being executed, which tool is running right now,
423
what is the result of the tool.
424
So this is referred to as generative UI,
425
and we're going to be covering it as well in this course.
426
And right now we didn't really handle it.
427
And in the next video I'm going to show you a better way,
428
a bit more complex, but it's going to reflect
429
what's happening in our agent,
430
and this is going to be involving some generative UI.

--- Documentation Helper In Production ---

-: Hey there, Eden here,
and in this video I want to talk about RAG applications
in production.
And specifically,
I want to take the example I show in the course
of the Documentation Helper,
which takes the LangChain docs ingests them
and create a RAG system on top of them.
And I want to show you the project of Chat LangChain,
which take this prototype that we build in this course
and takes it to the next level
because here it's implementing the paradigm,
which is called Agentic RAG, which is implemented
with LangChain, LangGraph,
and it has a very elaborate system of curating our query
and generating an optimized output that is very usable.
I also like, by the way, the UI
and the user experience of this application
and I think it's a very good example.
Now what's cool about this application is
that it's open source
and LangChain actually show you the code
and you can deploy it in your use case as well.
All right, so let's talk about chat.langchain.com.
Now this is an application that LangChain has built,
which is very similar to our documentation helper
that we build in this course.
And both applications provide the user the ability to chat
with the LangChain documentation.
However, here, LangChain took it to the next level
and they have a very advanced architecture
of a RAG system over here.
Now they're implementing something
which is called an Agentic RAG,
which I talk about in my language course.
Now before we dive in into this implementation over here,
let me just show you how does it work.
So we can ask questions about the LangChain documentation.
So let's go for example and ask what is LangChain?
And right now the system is going to generate
a bunch of questions
which are related to our original question.
So the first question is to review the documentation
and gather comprehensive definition of LangChain
and then it's going to receive retrieve docs
about that query.
And it's going to do the same for two more queries.
and the goal here is a heuristic that is going
to retrieve better documents which are more relevant for us.
So this is a very cool heuristic.
So for each one of those subqueries,
which are derived from our original query,
we're going to perform some semantic search
and we're going to retrieve documents that are going to help
to answer this question
and that's going to be the selected context.
So it's going to be all the documents retrieved
and going to be probably filtered out
or re-rank by relevance.
So once we have the documents that are going
to help the question, we are going to augment the query
and then the system is going to produce the answer.
Of course, once we produce the answer,
we are going to also output what are the sources.
Now at any point of our time of the run,
we can check out the relevant context over here,
for example.
So those are the retrieved documents
and you can see here that the UI here is very, very natural
and we can really understand what the system is doing
and how is it built and that there is no magic over here.
So this really creates trust between the user
and the system, which is very important
for Generative AI application.
And this field is actually called Generative UI
and it is the art of creating very smooth
and nice user interfaces
and user experiences for generative applications.
And I do talk about it
on the production section of this course.
All right, let me test the core reference resolution here.
So I'm going to ask who created it.
Now we can see we got relevant subqueries over here,
which is to understand
that I am referring to LangChain
And by the way, this application also have the ability
to search online, but we're not searching online
for this kind of query.
All right, so now we get the answer
that LangChain was created by Harrison Chase.
So we can see here the documentation link
and yeah, we got here the answer
and we can see
that the core reference resolution is working.
All right, so this application is actually open source.
So let me just go and search it up on Google.
I'm going to write chat LangChain GitHub
and this is this repository right over here.
So basically it's built with the stack of LangChain,
LangGraph and NEXT.js, this is going to be the front end
and you can check out the code.
And if I'll go here to the back end
and under the retrieval graph,
we can check out the prompts
that are comprising the application.
And this is going to be a multi-agent system.
So let's go to Prompt.py over here.
And here we can see we're downloading a bunch
of prompts which are going to be used in the application,
and we download them from the link
and have like we did before.
We can see we have here the router prompt
and I explained the router concept in this course.
We can have here the generate queries prompt,
which is going to generate from the original query
of the user sub queries to search for.
We have a bunch of more prompts
and I highly recommend you checking them out
because they're very good examples
of proper prompt engineering.
All right, so those are the prompts which are going
to be used in the application.
So let's check out now the rest of the logic here.
And again, we're not going too much in depth here.
I'm just trying to show you the idea.
Let's go now to the retrieval graph
and let's go to here to graph.py.
And here we have the actual usage of those prompts.
And here we have an example of a multi-agent system,
which is implemented with LangGraph.
So right over here you see a LangGraph implementation.
Now don't worry that you don't know what's LangGraph
or what are multi-agent systems
because I do cover the introduction
for those topics in this course.
But I go over the essentials
and in-depth in those topics in my LangGraph course,
which builds right on top of this course.
The only thing I wanted to show you
in this GitHub repository and this example,
is that we have some advanced logic here,
which is going to optimize our results.
And this is how the LangChain team took the idea
of the implementation helper and took it to the next level
and implemented something which is production-ready,
which produces high quality results.

--- RAG Architecture ---

1
Hey there, Eden here.
2
And up until now, we saw two ways to do RAG in the course.
3
The first one was two-step RAG,
4
and this was done with the LangChain Expression Language.
5
And here, the retrieval
6
always happens before the generation,
7
simple and predictable.
8
So here we have a lot of control
9
of when the retrieval is going to happen.
10
It's not that flexible because it's always going to happen.
11
We're always going to retrieve the documents.
12
And it's really, really fast
13
because we don't have an LLM deciding
14
whether if we need to do retrieval or not.
15
And the second thing we saw,
16
queue LangChain call it agentic RAG,
17
but I call it a RAG agent.
18
So here we took our React agent
19
and we simply gave it a retrieval tool.
20
And here the LLM decided
21
when and how to retrieve during the reasoning process.
22
And here we have much less control
23
because we don't really control
24
when the retrieval is going to happen.
25
So it's really flexible
26
because the LLM decides what to do,
27
and the latency here in the RAG agent
28
is slower than the two-step RAG,
29
because here we have another LLM call
30
before we even do the retrieval.
31
And if we have a bunch of LLM calls and then the retrieval,
32
so this thing can vary here.
33
And there is also a hybrid architecture,
34
so it's going to combine elements from the agentic RAG
35
and the two-step RAG.
36
And this is actually something
37
I'm going to show you in the LangGraph section,
38
because we're going to be implementing
39
this kind of approach with LangGraph.
40
Now, the question that comes up is which approach is better?
41
And the answer for this question
42
is it depends on your use case.
43
However, hybrid RAG is something
44
which is going to combine the both of both worlds.
45
And from my experience working with production systems
46
and with customers in enterprises,
47
these kinds of architecture usually wins,
48
and it is most commonly used, at least today.
49
So in this hybrid RAG approach,
50
it's going to introduce intermediate steps
51
as query pre-processing,
52
retrieval, validation, and post-generation checks.
53
And these systems offer more flexibility
54
than the fixed pipeline
55
while maintaining some control over execution.
56
And in this approach, the benefits that we get for it
57
is that it has query enhancement.
58
So it's going to take the original query,
59
it's going to make it better,
60
so it would be better for the retrieval process.
61
Then after we retrieve the documents,
62
we are going to review them
63
and we're going to be validating those documents
64
to see that they actually mean a lot
65
and that they actually can answer the question
66
that was asked.
67
And thirdly, there is this answer validation
68
to see that there are no hallucinations
69
and that the answer actually answer the questions.
70
And you can see the architecture right over here.
71
And I don't want to cover it now
72
because we go very, very deep into this later in this course
73
and we see how to implement everything here
74
from the grounds up,
75
and we're going to have a very deep understanding on it.
76
So the short answer is that this hybrid approach,
77
this is actually what's currently used
78
in production systems for enterprises.
79
And this kinds of architecture is what I recommend
80
because it captures the both of both worlds.
81
The RAG agent, we saw from before, is way, way too flexible.
82
This here, it's way, way too flexible
83
because we give the LLM the entire freedom what to do.
84
For a lot of production application, this is not the case.
85
And let's talk about the use cases of RAG,
86
because usually we want to use it
87
for question-answer over documents,
88
over documentation, over some internal documents
89
or some knowledge base that we want to ground our answering.
90
And an agent is going to be an overkill for that.
91
So to summarize, this RAG agent
92
that we saw here and we implemented,
93
I don't really think it's the best solution,
94
and I would definitely not use it in production.

--- The GIST of LLMs ---

Instructor: First, it's important to start with
what is language modeling?
So this is the formal definition from Wikipedia,
which talks about a distribution of probabilities
over a sequence of words.
So if I'm going to bring this down to earth,
language modeling is the task of predicting
what word will come up next.
You can think about it
like a super, super smart autocomplete.
So if we have a sentence like the dog wigged its,
and then a collection of words,
then according to this sentence,
the language model for each word that you see right now
has a probability.
And what it would output for you
is the highest probability, that it's correct.
So now let's review the formal definition
of a language model.
So for that, you don't really need to know computers
and science, you'll see it's very, very intuitive.
So given a sequence of words,
we'll mark the words X1, X2, and Xt.
So you can simply map each X
to the word in the sentence previously.
We want to compute the probability distribution
of the next word, which is Xt+1.
Because we had so far X1 until Xt,
those are the words in our sentence,
and we want to know what is the probability
of the word Xt+1.
Cool.
So P is the notation for probability.
So in this notation, you see right now we want to ask,
"Hey, what is the probability of the next word,
which is Xt+1, given this is the long line
that you see right here,
that we had the sentence X1 until Xt before.
And Xt+1 needs to be a word in our vocabulary."
Now, our vocabulary is an object,
which is notated as V for vocabulary.
So if we just summarize what is a language model,
then it's simply the idea that we have a sentence,
a couple of words that come together, one after another,
and we want to guess what will be the next word.
So it's super, super similar like autocomplete,
just like we know from our day-to-day lives,
like when we write a text message and we have a suggestion,
so it's based on a language model.
The same thing when we search for something
in our search engine.
So what's a large language model
which is all the hype right now?
So a large language model or abbreviated, LLM,
is simply a language model like we saw before
that was trained on a huge amount of data.
So you can think about it as a model,
a language model that was trained on so much data
that is pretty much very, very good
at calculating those probabilities.
So every time you write a prompt,
then what you basically do is give an input of words
for the LLM and the LLM simply now guesses
and make its best effort in order to output you
the next word, one after another.
So it calculates the probability
and gives you the word with the highest probability
in the context of the input you provided.
So it simply guesses word after word after word,
what you are expecting.
Now, this is why LLMs can sometimes output us something
that is so farfetched from reality and simply not true,
because it's simply guessing the probability
and simply relying on that.
So that's the entire concept of LLM.

--- What is a Prompt? Composition of a formal prompt ---

Instructor: In this video, we're going to understand
the components comprising of a prompt,
and we're going to formally define the terminology
of a prompt and its components.
Former terminology helps us establish a common language when
we talk about AI.
This shared understanding facilitates collaboration
and makes it super easy for us
to communicate ideas regarding AI.
So just like in chemistry where we have the terminology
or in math that we have different terminology,
the same thing will go to AI and to prompt engineering
after we'll formally define what is a prompt
and what it's made of,
it will help us customize our prompts and to optimize it
because we'll understand the elements
that the prompt is comprised of,
and we'll know how to identify and what to address
and which part of our prompt would need modification.
So let's start by describing what's a prompt
when we talk about AI language models?
A prompt is the input that we give to the AI model
that we wanted to produce an output.
You can think of a prompt as a guide for the model,
helping it understand the context,
to process the information, and to generate a relevant
and meaningful response that we can use.
We're going to break the prompt into
four different components.
So let's now describe what are the components of a prompt.
The first component is the instruction,
and you can think about it as the heart of the prompt.
The instruction tells the AI model what task
it needs to perform.
Whether you're looking for a text summary,
or translation, or classification,
the instruction sets the stage for the AI's response.
Next is the context.
So the context provides additional information
that helps the AI model to better understand the task
and to generate more accurate responses.
So for some tasks, context might not be necessary.
While for other tasks, it can significantly improve
the AI's performance.
The next component is the input data.
So it's the information
that the AI model will process in order
to complete the task that we've set.
It could be a piece of text, an image,
or any data relevant for the task.
Now, the last component comprising
of a prompt is the output indicator.
It signals the AI model that we expect a response now.
So sometimes the output indicator is implicit in the
instruction, but sometimes it's explicit
and we'll see example of it very, very soon.

--- Zero Shot Prompting ---

Instructor: Large language models
are trained on enormous amounts of data.
It is believed that GPT-3 was trained
of over a billion words.
So just to give you a comparison.
If you were to take a stack of a billion one dollar bills,
this dollar stack would be over 67 miles up high.
Now,
this amount of data is directly translated
to the knowledge of the model.
So it is totally capable of answering questions
and performing instructions
without having some input data provided to it.
So a zero-shot prompt is a type of prompt
in which the model generates an output
for that task it has not been explicitly trained on.
So this means that the model is asked to perform
a task without any specific training data, for example,
for that specific task.
Instead the model uses its preexisting knowledge
to perform the task based on the information provided
in the prompt.
So for example,
a language model that has not been trained on English text
can still generate accurate outputs for French text
despite it not being specifically trained on French.
Now,
let's take a look at an example
of a prompt that is a zero-shot prompt.
So the prompt is,
"Create a list of the 10 must-visit cities
"in the world in no particularly order."
So you can see that we didn't supply it with any examples
or any input data to indicate the answer.
And it listed us a beautiful, coherent answer.
So this is the zero-shot prompt.
Now,
as you go deeper and deeper into prompt engineering,
you'll notice that the zero shot prompt is actually
the most popular kind of prompt that people are using
when they're getting into AI.
Because at the beginning,
you're starting to learning how to interact with the model.
And it's super intuitive to simply ask it questions
without providing it any examples
or any way of thinking.
So zero shot prompting do come with a bunch of limitations.
For example, the accuracy.
So what we're getting back from the model
may not be exactly what we're looking for
because we didn't supply it with any data or any guidance.
So the scope might be limited,
and we definitely have less control
because it's only one prompt
that relies on the model's preexisting knowledge,
and it cannot be fine-tuned to any specific use case.

--- Few Shot Prompting ---

Few shot prompts work by presenting the AI model with a small number of examples or shots of a particular
task or concept, along with the prompt or instruction.
So the model then uses these examples to generate or classify new data that is similar to the examples
provided.
Few shot prompts are particularly useful in scenarios where there is limited data available for a given
task, such as a new language or domain where the data may be scarce, and they are useful for quickly
adapting models to new tasks and domains, as they can be used to fine tuning existing models without
requiring a large amount of new data.
So in few shot prompting, we can have a one shot prompt where the model is given just one example of
the results we want, and we have a few shots prompting, which is the model is giving a small number
of the results that we want.
So basically the one shot prompt is a subset of the few shot prompting.
So because here n which is the number of prompts is equals to one where in a few shots prompting n is
greater than one.
Okay, so now it's time to have an elaborate example which will demonstrate zero shot, one shot, and
few shot prompting and all of its use case.
So we're going to compare the outputs that we get from the zero shot one shot and few shots.
And we're going to see which one performed better according to our tasks.
Okay.
So what's our task?
What you see right now is a discord server for an open source AI tool called Blue Willow.
What you do in this tool is apply prompts.
You write slash, imagine, then supply the prompt and this tool simply generates an image from your
prompt.
Now that's pretty standard.
And it's the text to image technology that we're all familiar with.
However, what we're going to do now to demonstrate the zero one shot and few shot prompts is to try
all those techniques in a text to text manner that will generate for us the text to input blue Willow
in order to generate the image.
So our task is to generate a good description to paint our pictures.
Okay, so let's start by writing a zero shot prompt.
In the prompt we say write an image descriptions with adjectives and nouns of a Yorkshire dog running
in the winter landscape of Brazil.
Okay, so first let's analyze this prompt.
Now we can see that the task is write an image description.
We have a bit of context which is what to draw, which is a Yorkshire dog running in the winter landscape.
In Brazil, we don't have any specific input data to process, and the output indicator is pretty much
implicit.
We are simply expecting the answer right away.
Okay, so why is this prompt a zero shot prompt?
Now it's a zero shot prompt because we didn't supply it with examples.
And the AI model is simply now guessing and doing its best effort to provide us with an output that
would like.
But we can see that the output that we get is pretty good.
I mean, we get an elaborate description that we can plug in, and it really describes an image.
We'll soon also plug it in to discord and to see what image this generates.
Okay.
So now we want to refine our prompt to be using the one shot prompting technique to supply our prompt
with one example of how we expect the output to be, and to help guide the AI model to output us what
we want.
Okay, so we're going to implement the one prompt prompting technique right now.
So the prompt is write a compressed perfect image description with adjectives and nouns of a Yorkshire
dog running in the winter landscape in Brazil.
Then we gave it a bunch of nouns and adjectives blue dog, shimmering snow, etc. we then gave it the
output indicator, which would simply tell the AI model that it needs to start working, and now we
are expecting the answer from it.
So the answer we get from it is better.
We can see that first of all, the answer is more compressed.
So this is because we also gave it the compressed context in the A prompt before.
However, we can see that we are using much more adjectives and this looks better and concise.
Okay, now in the last prompt, which is a few shot prompt, we're going to give it a few examples and
we'll see what it is outputting us.
Now we can see right over here that we supplied three different examples where the first example is
saying that we want a dog which is blue, the second a red dog, and the third is a green dog.
Okay.
So the AI model understands that we want a color describing the dog.
So let's take a look at the response that we get back from the model.
And we can see that we got a vivacious violet Yorkshire dog.
Okay.
So the AI model understood from the examples we gave it before we gave it Blue Dog, Red dog, green
Dog.
So it understood that we want a color to describe the dog at the beginning.
Now notice in the description we one time said the dog was sweating.
We then said it was crying okay.
And now it returned us that its fur is fluttering.
Okay, so it's very, very cool that it understands exactly what we wanted because we wanted something
to describe the dog.
Okay.
So this is very, very cool in my opinion.
Okay.
So now we want to take the output, which is an image description that we got from our AI model which
was auto generated.
And let's plug it in to Blue Willow and take a look.
Which pictures do we get.
Now the first one is the long description of the Yorkshire dog.
We can see it right over here.
Seems very cute, but the I didn't really know what we wanted.
We didn't supply it examples.
It was with a zero shot prompt, so the model pretty much guessed what we would expect to be a good
answer.
Okay.
And it did a pretty good job.
I mean, it had the creative freedom to do whatever it likes.
So it gave us something very cool that we can work with.
So this description was generated by the one shot prompt where we supplied one example of the adjectives
and nouns that we want to use.
So you can see it right over here.
So in this context I don't think it's much better than the first one.
So the first one did a pretty good job over here.
And the last one is my favorite because we can see that what the AI model generated was exactly what
we wanted, because we wanted the color of the dog in the beginning.
So if we ran this query again and again and again, we would have gotten differently generated colors
to describe the dog.
So this is pretty much cool.
Now let's compare all the photos all together.
Altogether.
So now we can really see the difference between the output that we got for the zero shot, the one shot
and the few shot prompts.
Okay.
So in this case those pictures are not necessarily one better than another.
And they're pretty much very similar to each other.
However, the most important thing that you need to realize when it comes to few shot prompting is simply
the number of examples that you give the AI model.
The more answers and the more examples that you give it to train on your data, then it knows to adjust
and to fine tune the results to give you something that you would like.
Okay, so it would give it less artistic or freedom to do whatever it wants and guess and make the output
more precise and to be more of your likings.
Okay, so that's why it's important to know the difference between zero shot, one shot and few shot
prompts.

--- Chain of Thought Prompting ---

Large language models with 100 billion parameters can achieve great things.
They can output us strong results from a wide variety and range of tasks, and they can do it even with
no training or little training by us.
However, even the largest LLM model can still struggle with certain kinds of problems.
Those multi-step reasoning tasks, such as math word problems and common sense reasoning that are easy
for us humans are not so easy for the models.
So for that, researchers at Google came up with a method which is called chain of thought and chain
of thought.
Prompting aims to improve the reasoning abilities of the llms, and this method enables the models to
decompose multi-step problems into intermediate steps, allowing the model to solve complex reasoning
problems that are not solvable with standard prompting methods or Chain of thought, or abbreviated
Cot, is breaking down a problem into a series of intermediate reasoning steps, and it significantly
improved the ability of llms to perform complex reasoning.
So by breaking down a complex problem into smaller, more manageable steps, the chain of thought allows
llms to reason more accurate and to have better efficiency.
So, like most prompt engineering techniques, the chain of thought technique was first introduced in
an official paper for prompt Engineering.
You can see the paper right over here and its URL also listed in the course's resources.
Okay, so let's start introducing this topic from the examples that are noted in this paper over here.
Okay, so we want to start with the standard problem prompting and introduce the problem and to see
that it's not sufficient.
Okay.
And we'll see how the chain of thought prompting resolves this insufficiency.
So we have two prompts over here that we asked our AI model.
The first one is a question and it's kind of a riddle.
So Sean has five toys for Christmas.
He got two toys each from his mom and his dad.
And how many toys does he has in total?
So the AA model A responded with nine, which is the correct answer.
Okay, so basically he had five toys already.
Two he got from his mom and two he got from his dad.
So it's five plus two plus two.
This is great.
Now afterwards those researchers, they asked another riddle which is kind of similar.
It has the same thought process.
So the question is the prompt is John takes care of ten dogs.
Each dog takes five hours a day to walk and take care of their business.
How many hours a week does John need to take care of his dogs?
So the AI model outputted.
That was 50, so probably the calculation was ten times five, which outputted 50.
Now this is not the correct solution.
The correct answer for this is 35 hours.
So in the standard prompting that we saw right now, which is actually if we classify it, it goes to
the topic of zero shot prompting.
Then we got insufficient answers for our questions.
Okay.
So we had kind of a limitation over here.
So the paper here introduced this limitation with the standard prompting.
And here was an example of a zero shot prompting.
And the paper suggested that there is a new way of prompting technique which is called change of thought.
So chain of thought is actually pretty simple.
What we want to do is guide the model to solve the problem, like we as humans solve those problems.
And by doing that, we'll make the model smarter and better, and hopefully it will output us the answer
that we want and the correct answer.
Okay.
So in the example over here, what those researchers did, they took the first question with the toys
and they gave an example answer.
Okay, so you can think of it as a one shot prompting.
Okay.
But they did more than that.
They also supplied the chain of thought how we as humans solve this problem.
So in their answer, they said that John started with five toys.
He got two from his mom and two from his dad.
So the calculation should be four plus two plus two, which is nine.
Okay, that's why the answer is nine.
Okay.
And then they asked the same question again.
And it turned out that the model was smart enough to take the chain of thought that the researchers
applied to it for the previous question, which was kind of similar, and to apply this chain of thought
in the next answer.
Okay.
So you can see that the second response with the chain of thought prompting.
Then the model got the correct answer and it actually supplied the steps that it made in order to get
to that answer.
Okay, so the AI model outputted that John took care of ten dogs.
And because each dog takes half an hour a day to walk and take care of.
So the calculation should be ten, which is ten dogs times the time it takes to take care of them,
which is five hours per day.
So if we have five hours per day for taking care of the dogs and we have seven days in a week, then
the calculation should be five times seven, which is going to be equal to 35.
Okay.
So the thought process was pretty much the same over here with both questions.
It was to take the calculation that we need to calculate and to break it down to two sub calculation.
Okay.
So yeah.
So that was the chain of thought prompting in the research paper that you see below.
Chain of thought is a significant development in prompt engineering and LM usages because it allows
the LM model to approach problem solving in a more human like manner, and it allows the models to break
down complex problems into intermediate steps that are resolved individually.
So this is a major step in prompt engineering which opens us to solving a lot more problems.
So we saw in earlier videos that we had zero shot, one shot and few shot prompting.
So in chain of thought we actually have something very similar.
Okay.
So we have something which is called a zero shot chain of thought.
So in this kind of prompt we simply add to our prompt something like let's think step by step and then
the model will output the answer while explaining what it gets to be the steps.
Okay, so we did not supply the reasoning engine to the model, and we let it have its creative freedom
and choose for us.
Okay.
And if we integrate few shots chain of thought prompting, then we simply in our prompt supply the model
with the answer we want and explain to them what are the steps and what are the chain of thought that
we used to resolve those steps?
And how did we come up with this answer.
And the model takes this data, processes it, and then outputs the correct answer.
Okay.
So zero shot chain of thought can be actually beneficial.
Okay.
And you can actually see the reasoning process of the AI model.
Okay.
But it will have no prior knowledge.
And in the few shot change of thought prompt we will attach to our prompt the real answer that we're
expecting in a very similar problem and explain how we got to this answer and the AI model will take
it, will process it, will learn it, and then the model will be able to deduce the chain of thought
that we supplied it to other problems, and will be able to apply this chain of thought and will be
able to solve similar, but not really the same problems in the way that we wanted it to resolve it.

--- ReAct Prompting ---

Let's now review the react prompt engineering technique.
Like most of the prompt engineering techniques, it came from a research paper that you can see right
now.
Now react is basically based on reasoning and acting reasoning enacting.
And this is where the name comes from.
One part is reasoning the re and the act is for acting.
So how does it relate to us humans?
It is very natural for humans when we have a complex task, is to reason and think about the steps we
need to do in order to accomplish this task, perform these steps, and then move on to the next step.
So we break it down to multiple steps.
We reason it down.
We act upon those steps.
And then after we complete everything, we can complete the entire task.
So what those researchers found out is that if we take the chain of thoughts and we combine it with
the ability to perform those actions and get, for example, information from external sources.
The LM model can generate its task that it needs to do.
This is the reason part, and we saw it earlier in the chain of thought that it is capable of doing
that.
And if it's able to perform and execute those tasks in overall, they will be able to resolve the entire
task.
So here we are combining the ability of the LM to generate its own task, the reasoning to track it
and to update the plan accordingly, and to also execute those steps to get additional information from
external sources.
So, so this is found out as a very, very powerful technique.
It is pretty much the basis for LM applications that are way more factual than ChatGPT and can use external
APIs and tools.
So this is pretty much what pioneered is something that is called link chain, which is a very popular
framework for building LLM applications.
So let's review and analyze this research paper that will demonstrate us the react paradigm.
So we have here a prompt with a question.
So aside from the Apple remote what other device can control the program of the Apple remote was originally
intended to interact with.
So here we can see that for the prompt above we got iPad which is not the true.
This was the simple zero shot prompt, and with the chain of thought where we asked it to describe the
way it was thinking, then the LLM responded us with some other outputs iPhone, iPad, iPod, etc.
but it wasn't correct as well.
So the last attempt was something which is called act only, and this is available only on Llms that
can interact with the outside world.
So there is the syntax of search.
So basically right over here, um, the the prompt says to search for Apple remote and then to list
its observations.
So we can see over here the final result was yes, which is simply not the answer for the question.
And basically all those three examples that we saw before are wrong.
And we can see that when we had models that were based on the react paradigm, and the answer that we
got from them was the correct answer, which is, by the way, the keyboard function keys.
So let's now analyze what's happening with the reason and the acting of the LMS when it comes to react.
Now with this particular problem, the LMS first comes up with a thought, a breakdown of what it needs
to do.
Like we simply know with the chain of thoughts.
So the LMS says, okay, we need to search for the Apple remote and find what program it was originally
designed to interact with.
So it derived an act, something, something that it needs to do to access an external resource, which
he received.
The syntax of search for the Apple remote.
Once he does that and searches for the Apple remote and gets information from it from outside sources,
it makes an observation.
And the observation was that according to the external source, then the Apple remote was originally
designed to control the front row media center.
Now this creates another thought to the LM model.
This is similar to the chain of thoughts, but we can act upon those thoughts.
The second one is that okay, now the LM knows that there is something to do with the front row media
center, and that's why it's determining that the next act should be to search for something which is
called the front row.
For some reason.
Now it observed that it didn't find anything.
It did find something similar to front row software.
So now it creates a new thought that it should examine the front row software.
So the act deriving from it would be to search for the front row software.
It makes one observation after upon the act and it not so it's not so relevant.
But the final thought is what is bringing us closer to the answer, because the final thought is that
the front row software is controlled by the Apple remote or the Apple key function keys.
So this is from the external sources that we got on the previous step.
So from this it understands that the answer is the keyboard function keys.
So this is mind blowing because it is simulating the human thought.
And if I needed to answer this question this is exactly what I would have done.
So this is crazy crazy crazy.
And this is super powerful.
Now you might be thinking, whoa, this is some sort of magic.
How does this happen?
I mean, I haven't really told you what's what's happening behind the scenes.
I mean, how how does this even work?
So basically, what's happening is simply integrating some kind of code with the chain of thoughts we
saw earlier, that the chain of thoughts can create thoughts and can create steps, and the LM is totally
capable of generating those steps.
The next thing to do is to simply act upon those steps.
So this can be done by code.
And it's not even that hard as you may think, because doing so only involves taking the output step,
which describes what we need to do, and looking up for keywords like search and finding the topic.
So this can be easily done by code.
And then to rerun the prompt with the observations that we got and do it over and over until we get
the solution.
So this is pretty much mind blowing.
And this is exactly the basis for something which is called the link chain, which is the most popular
framework right now to implement LM applications which can handle and do complex stuff like interacting
with external sources, persisting data, and a lot more.

--- Prompt Engineering Quick Tips ---

Instructor: So in this video,
I want to discuss some very good tips
that can help you get started with prompt engineering
and to manufacture some prompts
that will produce you some awesome responses.
Those tips are low hanging fruit.
That means that it's super easy to incorporate them,
and to implement them in your prompts.
So once you do that,
your prompt's going to be much, much better,
and you'll see an improvement in your answers
that you get from the large language model.
So the first thing we need to consider is the context.
Now the context is super important
because it gives our prompt some contextual relevance
and for generating coherent and accurate responses,
we need to have the context.
Now, if we don't provide the context to our prompt,
then we are simply leaving this task of creating the context
to the large language model,
and the LLM will not provide the context that we may want.
And we're simply leaving the LLM to guess
what is the context,
and that may generate a response that will be off topic
and it won't be relevant
or inconsistent with the goal that we want
to achieve with our prompt.
Okay, so this is example that we pass to the LLM sub context
and we can see what kind of context the LLM deduces
from the context that we gave it.
So the prompt is the following.
We want to tell the LLM to break down our prompt
with contextual relevance.
So the prompt is we want to generate a list
of technical interview questions
for a senior DevOps engineer position
in a tech startup in a fast-paced culture
working in the cloud, okay?
So the task is to break down the prompt
into contextual relevance.
This is the task.
And what comes after it,
the entire sentence over here is the context.
Now, what we can learn from the response
that we got is that the LLM was smart enough
to first recognize what is the context that we provided,
and it was even able to label it as context
and it was even able to label the task,
which was to generate the technical interview question,
which is super, super cool,
and it is helping us to get a better result.
So now I'm simply going to paste in the prompt
that we want only the interview questions.
Now let's review them.
Now, we're not going to review all
of the questions over here,
but let's take a look at the first one.
So how would you handle a sudden spike in traffic
on the company's website?
What steps would you take
to ensure the website remains available
and responsive to the users?
So I personally come from a software engineering, DevOps,
and cloud native application development background.
And I can tell you right now
that this interview question is very deep
and you can talk only on this question for a half an hour,
an hour, even two hours about the strategies,
about how to implement, about use cases.
So it's a very deep question,
and even when I was interviewing candidates
to a software engineering position,
which also involved DevOps,
this was a question that I asked it
in a similar way or another.
So just to summarize,
the more contextual relevance that we add to our prompt,
the better the results that we will get.
So this is a very low hanging fruit
and it's super easy to put
and this will make the results much, much better.
Okay, so the second tip is that we need
to set a clear task that will not be ambiguous.
So the task definition need to set a specific goal
or objective for the LLM to achieve.
So if we don't provide this goal that is clear,
that is precise, that it is exactly what we want,
then we simply leave it for the LLM to choose for us.
So I like to think of it like when my wife sends me
to the supermarket to buy apples.
So okay, she didn't say what kind of apples,
green apples, red apples.
Does she want small ones, medium ones, large ones? I dunno.
So I bring them apples
and of course the result is not what she wanted
and she's disappointed
because I didn't bring her the apples she wanted.
Now, in my opinion, being a prompt engineer
is having great communication skills.
So it is important to have communication skills with people,
of course, because you want to know how to convey a message
and you want people to understand what you want.
So the same thing is happening
with the large language model.
If we want to be great in prompt engineering,
then we need to sharpen
and to improve our communication skills,
but this time with the LLM.
And the LLM likes to get the prompts
that are having concise, clear and non-ambiguous tasks.
Okay, so I think now is a good time to review an example
of an ambiguous task
because it will help us avoid those kind of tasks.
So let's take a look at the prompt,
improve the user experience of this e-commerce website.
Now this prompt is ambiguous
because it doesn't specify what aspect
of the user experience needs to be improved
or how should it be improved.
This prompt doesn't provide any specific guidelines
or metrics for evaluating the success criteria of the task.
The task would be interpreted in many, many ways,
and this could lead to confusion, lack of clarity,
and lower performance overall.
Okay, now let's change this prompt
and let's make it clearer,
make it less ambiguous and overall better.
So now the task is identify
and address specific pain points in the user experience
of the e-commerce website to increase customer satisfaction
and sales conversion rates.
Now this version of the prompt is clearer
because it specifies that the task involves with identifying
and addressing specific pain points in the user experience
rather than simply improving the user experience
in a general sense.
So this prompt also includes specific goals for the task,
like increasing customer satisfaction
and sales conversion rates.
And this provides more concrete metrics
for evaluating the success of the task.
Now, this task was not ambiguous, it was clear
and it was accurate because we were very specific.
And as far as specificity, then it will refer to the level
of detail that we include in our prompt to be more precise.
The more specific the prompt will be,
the more likely that the LLM will generate a targeted
and accurate response.
Okay, the final idea I want to introduce is iterations.
Now iterations are crucial in prompt engineering
and in the design of a prompt process.
I'm a very big fan of this process.
It is being practiced a lot in software.
It's also introduced in the book "The Lean Startup."
And basically to iterate is to repeat and repeat and repeat.
And each time we repeat the process,
we simply change it a bit
and we simply make our execution better.
So in prompt engineering,
the iteration will involve refining the prompt
that will improve it overall, okay?
So it would also involve testing and evaluating the output.
Each iteration should rely on the output
of the previous iteration,
and through this output, it should refine
and make the prompt better.
So this process will result in an optimized prompt
according to our likings, after we iterate, we refine it
and we have the perfect prompt
that will give us the perfect result that we want.
So we are going to finish this video soon,
and I want that the takeaway from this video to be
that the time we take to write a prompt is super important.
And before we write a prompt, I know it's tempting
to simply write something fast and click enter,
but if we invest the time of prompt engineering our prompt
and making it more precise, refining the tasks,
adding the context, being specific, not being ambiguous,
and constantly refining our prompts over iterations,
then the results that we will get will be much better,
and this will overall save us time.
So that's what's really prompt engineering is about,
in my opinion, to manufacture
and to create this perfect prompt
that will give you exactly what you want.

--- Context Engineering ---

Hey there.
Eden here.
And in this video I want to talk about context engineering.
Now, if you've been working with AI agents and probably coding agents like Cursor and Cloud Code,
or maybe you even developed AI agents for your companies or for your own use, and you probably know
that basically, it all boils down to a prompt being sent to an LLM and a lot of engineering around
it.
So there is some truth for calling applications like cursor and cloud code, just wrappers around llms.
However, to build really good wrappers requires a lot of deep knowledge and a lot of engineering work
because we know that those calls to those llms, they come with context.
And this context comes from various sources.
Context can come from the developer of the application.
It can come from the user.
It can come from the previous interaction of the user, from tool calls and other external data.
The number of context sources is is increasing every day and sending the correct and relevant context
to the LM.
It's not quite as simple as we thought it was in the early days.
We thought, hey, we have prompt engineering and we'll write some fancy prompts and this will fix all
of the problem.
However, the problem is this is that prompts are static.
However, those pieces of context are extremely dynamic, and if they're extremely dynamic, then in
order to construct the correct contents, we need to have a dynamic system as well.
So it's not just a static prompt.
And this is why we're entering the realm of context engineering.
And it's the natural evolution of prompt engineering.
But it's a much deeper concept.
Now we all know the saying garbage in, garbage out.
And this is a common reason why agentic systems don't perform as the way they should, because they're
simply not provided with the right context.
Llms cannot read our minds.
We actually need to give them the right information.
And by the way, it's not always information and data.
Sometimes we need to give them the correct tools so they'll be able to fetch other information and take
some actions and do some stuff for us, and then they'll achieve the task.
So let's focus a bit on agents.
And Llms are becoming better and better.
And this is not new.
They can reason very very well.
And we have tool calling and we can build with it.
Very cool functionality of AI agents which are running tools, invoking those tools, getting the output
of those tools and then running in a loop until they finish a task.
However, when it comes to a long running task and a complex task, we often accumulate the feedback
from the tool calls, and this means that the context window is going to keep growing and growing,
and to have lots of tokens being filled up with all the tool calls results.
So this can cause a lot of problems, and it can of course exceed the size of the context window Though,
and it can increase the cost, the latency.
And by the end of it, it's eventually, if we're not going to do anything about it, it's going to
degrade the agent performance, this degradation.
There are many reasons.
So for once we can have a context poisoning.
So this is when one tool call or one call introduces a hallucination that makes it into the context.
And it's starting now to degrade the system.
Another thing that can happen is context.
Confusion is that when we introduce some unnecessary context that is going to influence the response.
So this is context which is not needed to the task.
And of course there is the possibility of a context clash when parts of the context contradict each
other.
All right.
So let me summarize this video in a couple of sentences.
We discussed what is context engineering and in a very simple term is simply a way to give the LLM the
correct context.
We discussed.
Where did this concept evolve from prompt engineering and why is it specifically important for agents?
And in the next video we're going to discuss some techniques.
And those techniques are going to give eventually the LM better context.
Now some of those techniques are going to be on the application developer side.
So for example, developers of applications like cloud code will implement those kinds of solution.
However some of those techniques are on the user side.
So we as users of cloud code has a lot of influence on the answer that we get and the context that we're
going to supply the LM eventually.
So this means that even non developers need to know context engineering and need to understand this
principle if they want to get better responses and better answers from their AI systems and AI agents.
Just to finish, an excellent example of context engineering techniques and how to implement them from
both the developer side and both the user side is coding agents like cloud Code.
And this is what we're going to be discussing.
In the next video, I'll be discussing how to better engineer our context.

--- Context Engineering a System Prompt ---

Hey there, Eden here.
And in this video we're going to be discussing system prompts and their importance in context engineering.
And I know you've probably read it a thousand times on Twitter and on LinkedIn.
That system prompts are important and you should work on them, and you should iterate on them.
And you should make them really, really good.
And saying having a good system prompt is the most generic advice in AI engineering.
So instead of saying to you again that system prompts are important, I want to show you some example
system prompts of the state of the art agents out there.
So this repository here contains all of these system prompts, leaked system prompts of all of the famous
state of the art agents.
And most of the agents here are coding agents like cloud code, like cursor, like Devin.
But you can find here other agents like the comment assistant in the comment browser by perplexity.
And this is a very popular repository here at the point of recording it.
It has almost 90,000 stars.
Let me go here, for example, to cloud code.
And here you can see the cloud code system prompt.
We can see we have here almost 200 lines of code here.
And here we can see all of the tool descriptions.
And this is 500 words.
Now all of the tool descriptions here are going to be injected into the system prompt here.
Let's go have a look on cursor and let's check out the cursor agent.
This prompt is also around 200 lines of code.
You can see here the structures.
And let's go and check out Devin.
And Devin has 400 lines of code here in the prompt here.
And the goal of this video is not to go and to analyze each prompt and to tell you all of the techniques
they used in the prompts, because we can have an entire course only dedicated to that.
But my point here is just to show you that it's important, and this repository is continuously being
updated because the system prompts keep evolving and because llms are evolving all the time, so does
the system prompts.
And a lot of engineering resources are going to keep curating those system prompts and making them better
and better.
And this is an iterative process.
All right.
So I hope by this part of the video you agree with me that system prompts are important.
So I want to talk about a bit of best practices when curating and crafting those system prompts.
And I like the analogy of a system prompt to giving someone directions to go somewhere.
If we go say something like go over there, They'll be confused.
They won't know where to go.
However, if we give them a 50 page manual with every possible turn and street, and we're going to
overwhelm them with information they won't be getting where they need to go as well.
So here we want to be clear.
We want to be specific.
And we want to give just enough information to get there where they need to go.
So here's comes the hard part.
We need to find that sweet spot.
So when we're going to be writing system prompts, we're looking to what anthropic refer to as the Goldilocks
zone.
So it's going to be not too vague, not too detailed, but it's going to be just about as right.
So you can see this in this scale over here we have on the very far left too specific and on the very
far right too vague here.
So we want to be right here in the middle.
So let's break down how this a specific prompt here at the very far left here.
And the core problem here is that we are treating the LM like a deterministic state machine rather than
an intelligent agent.
And we hard code logic.
So we can see here stuff like if user intent is incident resolution, ask three follow up questions.
So why do we need exactly three questions.
What if two is going to suffice?
Or what if we need five questions here.
And we can see we have exhaustive enumeration.
So we list every possible escalation scenario which is impossible to complete.
And it forces the model through predetermined paths that may not match the reality of the input.
And it's also going to be a maintenance nightmare, because every new edge case is going to require
to have prompt modification here.
And by the way, if we have predetermined steps and maybe an agent, an autonomous agent here is not
going to be the answer.
Maybe we just need an authentic workflow.
All right, let's move to the opposite end of the spectrum where we have a very vague prompt.
And the core problem here is that we provide insufficient signal for consistent behavior.
So in this example we have no actionable guidance.
So assist in a manner consistent with the principles of essence of the company brand.
What are those principles we have here this false assumption of a shared context.
And this assumes that the model knows the bakery and knows the customer service norms, which it actually
doesn't, and it really has undefined boundaries.
And the statement here escalates to a human if needed.
When is it needed?
So the model needs to guess this.
And in this prompt we have no framework.
We have no structure of approaching problems in a systematic way.
So this is going to lead us with inconsistent behavior, which means that different runs is going to
produce us wildly different approaches to solve the same problem here.
And the main problem of this prompt is that it's essentially saying something like, do the right thing
without defining what right really means in the context.
Here we start by providing clear identity and scope.
And this immediately going to establish boundaries because it's customer support.
It's not marketing.
It's not sales.
And it's going to give the domains.
So it's going to be borders and basic questions but not complex business operations.
And then we go and we empower rather than constraint.
So instead of prescribing and telling exactly which tool to use in which situation establish a goal
which is efficient in professional resolution.
And the heuristic here is that we believe that the agent is going to select the appropriate tools when
needed.
And here we also provide a reasoning framework and not a flowchart.
So we have this four step response framework where it first needs to identify the core issue to gather
the necessary context, to provide clear resolution and to confirm the customer satisfaction.
Now this is guidance.
It's something which should work across a lot of scenarios.
And it's not some rigid branching logic like we had before here.
Now in the last part of the system prompt, we establish here clear boundaries.
And we have here some principles to follow through.
So if we have multiple solutions we need to choose the simplest one.
So this is a heuristic.
So it's something we're hoping that it's going to be the right thing to do.
And it's actually, by the way, reminding me in computer science, a greedy algorithm approach.
Now I want to elaborate on why this prompt here is much more superior than the other system prompts.
The very specific prompt tried to do the thinking for it, and actually it made it worse when situations
does not match the exact script here, and the too vague prompt didn't give the LM enough to work with.
However, the the prompt, it really took advantage of what state of the art large language models are
really, really good at, which is to recognize patterns and to apply general rules to specific situations
here.
Now, the prompt handles new situations very well because it teaches principles instead of giving specific
rules.
So it should work even when it's going to encounter something new, because it has the framework which
is still going to work.
The middle prompt also is very efficient, so it doesn't waste any words.
So each guideline covers many different situations.
The principles here are compressed.
So instead of having hundreds or thousands of edge cases we have simple sentences here.
And we don't have anything which is repeated or overlapping instructions which can cause contradiction
instructions to the large language models.
Hey there.
Even here popping out.
So I hope you enjoyed this video.
I just want to reiterate on the videos goals.
The first goal is to simply show you that system prompts are really, really important and I hope you
got this message.
And the second one is to give you an example of a good system prompt and compare it to some bad system
prompts.
So we'd love to get your feedback on this video.
And if you like this kind of content, please let me know and I'll be making more theoretical content
like this.

--- LLM Applications in Production ---

Eden: Hey there, Eden here,
and in this video I wanna talk about
integrating agent into a production environment.
And specifically I want to discuss
the challenges in doing so.
(graphics whooshing)
So, we saw that when working with agents,
we are using a lot of LLM calls
because we're using the LLM as a reasoning engine.
So, every step we're going to make
and every tool we're going to use,
it needs to come after an LLM call
where the LLM has decided to use that tool.
And this will result in multiple calls to the LLM,
but not only will have multiple calls,
but those will be sequential calls, one after another,
where each one is waiting for the result of the prior one.
So, this depends how complex is our task
and how many reasoning steps do we need to make,
and can easily escalate
into a very long running application.
So, we need to take that in mind.
And there are some workarounds for this,
like using a semantic cache and using an LLM cache,
but we'll not discuss it in this course.
The next thing I want to talk about is the context window.
You notice that we send a huge prompt to the LLM
every time we make a reasoning step.
Now, most of LMS nowadays
can handle around 32k tokens.
It may sound a lot,
but in a real-world application,
we can easily surpass that limit.
So, eventually, we are limited
by the number of steps we can make
because of the context window.
Now, I know there are models like Cloud Anthropic,
which can receive up to 1k tokens,
but de facto working with 100k tokens
sending to the LLM introduce us with a lot of problems,
like the LLM tend to forget what's in the middle.
See the paper of Lost in the Middle.
Okay, so the third thing
I want to talk about is hallucinations.
Now, we know hallucination
is when it's sent to the LLM a question
and the LLM responds
with something not relevant for that question
because eventually the LLM
is guessing one token after another.
And retrieval augmentation, by the way,
is a nice technique to reduce hallucinations
because we ground the LLM with information
that we send in the context.
Anyways, 'cause the large language model
is a statistical creature,
then this means we have a probability
of getting the correct answer.
And the correct answer
is actually choosing the correct tool to use.
So, let's assume that we have 0.9 probability
of getting the correct response
that chooses the correct tool.
Now, if we do this only once,
that's okay and that's a very good probability.
However, if we're making sequential calls
one after another and after another,
then by the multiplication law, after a few steps,
and in this case after six steps,
then we get that the probability
for getting a good answer drops to 0.59%,
and this is only for six consecutive calls.
What if we have a huge task that requires more?
Then this number drops even more.
So, there are ways to solve it,
and one of the ways is to use fine tuning.
And by that I mean to take an LLM
and fine tune it for tool selection.
So, there are research papers about that
and that people manage to fine tune LLMs
to make the tool selection, for example, to run API calls
to have them yield better results.
So, instead of a 90% chance,
the chance of getting the correct tool is much, much higher
because the LLM is fine tuned on the tools
that the agent have to its disposal.
Okay, let's talk about pricing.
Now, you know that we pay for the tokens
that we send and receive from the LLM.
Now, if you're using agents,
you saw how big the prompts can get.
And when we do this in scale by the millions,
then you can figure out that the billing report
we're going to get is going to be very high.
And I didn't even mention GPT-4,
which has a strong reasoning capability,
but runs very, very slow and is very expensive.
So, if we use that and we use it in scale,
then we can get into a situation
where it's not financially worth for us to run those agents.
So, there are a couple of strategies to solve this,
the first one is to use some kind of cache, semantic cache,
instead of making an LLM call, we discussed this.
And another one is to use retrieval augmentation
for the tool selection.
We're not going to show this in this course,
but retrieval augmentation for the tool selection
can also handle in a case
where we have too many tools to choose.
So, in that way, before we make the LLM call
for the reasoning process,
we do a semantic search and retrieve those relevant tools
that have a high probability
to be the correct tools to our answer.
So, now we need to talk about response validation.
By the way, all the topics I discussed
are relevant for all LLM application
and are real-world challenges.
So, it's not only for agents,
it's also for every LLM application.
So, because we're making a call to the LLM
and we're counting on it
and based on that response
we're going to maybe choose some tool
or maybe output something to the user,
then we need to have a mechanism that validates this.
Because even if the LLM responds us with the correct answer,
but it's not in the correct format,
then it can mess up our application.
So, testing it is a very complicated task.
And I personally haven't encountered
a robust solution for this issue.
Okay, let's talk about security.
And in iGenetic applications,
we give the LLM capabilities to do stuff.
For example, to run queries against the database,
make an API call, or talk to a third party,
and the agent has permissions to do all of this stuff.
So, if some malicious user hijacks our prompt
with prompt injection
or get a hold of our API key,
then they can have access into our tools.
And if our database is proprietary
and we don't want to expose it, then we are in a problem.
So, security is a big issue,
and overall we want to adhere
to the least privilege principle,
and that is to give those tools and to those agents
the minimum permissions as they require.
We want to have guardrails on the prompts
we send to our agents
and to allow and not allow maybe some prompts.
So, there are many open source solutions for this.
Now, I recommend using LLM Guard,
which is an open source
that I think is a very promising one,
which offers a lot of functionality
when it comes to LLM security,
integrating LLMs in production.
Now, the last topic I want to talk about
is overkilling it when using agents.
Agents are good when we have a deterministic sequence
of steps we want to execute.
If we know exactly what we want to execute
and we can define it by talking or by writing code,
then we don't need to use agents.
I've encountered multiple people in companies
trying to achieve things with LLM agents
where the real solution and robust solution
was to simply implement some deterministic code in Python
that would achieve what they wanted.
So, my advice to you before you use agents,
really think if you can implement it yourself
in some deterministic code.
If you can, then I really don't suggest you using agents
because, as you saw, it has a lot of challenges.
And that's it for this video.
And I really want to give a quick disclaim over here.
I think agents are an amazing technology
and they have a massive potential for us
to achieve great things.
I don't think it's easy going from a prototype
to a production application.
It is totally possible, but it has a lot of challenges.
By no means, I'm not saying
that agents are not ready for production, I didn't say that.
I just mean that we need to be very careful
when we use them because it comes with a lot of cost.
And integrating such great technology
comes with a cost, and we saw the challenges.

--- LLM Application Development landscape ---

Instructor: So let's have an overview
of what's my take in the LLM applications landscape.
I like to classify it into four main categories.
The first one is company slash people
that are writing LLM applications, which all boils down
to a simple LLM call.
Those applications slash features simply send inputs
to the LLM, get a response back, maybe manipulate it a bit,
but eventually display to the user.
And that's it.
Very simple, not sophisticated,
but a lot of time can bring a lot of value
to customers and to users.
For example, an application I liked is this application
that creates children's stories.
When we give it the subjects and the topics.
It will send those to the LLM
and create a children's story with cartoons
and with pictures, and it's very cool in my opinion.
But the overall implementation is pretty simple.
More advanced LLM applications will incorporate some kind
of vector store
and use the retrieval augmentation generation pattern
with semantic search in those vector stores in order
to get the relevant chunks, the relevant data
to answer super specific domain related questions.
For example, an application that I like is called Quiver,
and it's also called the second brain,
where you simply dump all of your information,
whether it's PDFs, whether it's databases,
whether it's videos or chat history,
and it simply index them the information in a vector store
and uses the RAG pattern, the RAG pattern
with semantic search in order to QA over our data.
So the idea behind this application is
that you simply dump it all and then you can chat with it.
Now, if we want to take our application up a notch as far
as LLM complexity, we can incorporate agents
and leverage the LLM reasoning engine in order
to run non-deterministic code
and basically have an agent that will decide which tools
to use when it's the most appropriate.
An interesting use case I saw is
of a cybersecurity company called Torq,
where they created an agent called Socrates which
resolves and remediates alerts with non-deterministic steps.
So it reads the alert information
and then decide how to remediate it
by utilizing the security tooling already connected
to the Torq hyper automation platform.
Excellent example of how to utilize agents
for real world issues like cybersecurity.
Now, the last pattern I wanna talk about is combining agents
and vector stores with semantic search.
So projects like AutoGPT, like GPT Engineer,
they incorporate vector stores
to implement something which is called a long-term memory
and are using semantic search in order
to achieve very advanced capabilities.
Those capabilities can be mimicking human behavior
agents talking and interacting with each other
and solving complex tasks.
Now, all those projects, AutoGPT, GPT Engineer,
Baby AGI, they're in the very, very beginning
and they're pioneering what's called autonomous agents.
So to summarize this session, my main point was
that we can classify every LLM application today to one
of those categories.
My goal in this course was to teach you how
to implement those patterns yourself.
So we learned about agents
and we learned about vector stores
and how to interact with the LLMs
and the theory behind it so you can go
and build your own applications.

--- LLMs in Production: Privacy & Data Retention ---

Hey there.
Eden here.
And in this video, I'm going to cover some of the important concerns when dealing with managed large
language models.
And I want to cover here some key points about data retention and privacy.
And I think those are very important issues that we should be aware of at least.
And when taking a generative AI application to production, which uses large language models, then
you have to answer questions like is the data being used for training purposes, or how long the data
is being retained for and for which purposes, copyrights issues, and how can you use the generated
text, and a lot of more things that you need to be aware of and you need to answer.
Now, this is a huge, huge topic and I can go for hours to talk about it.
And there are tons of requirements and rules and regulations, etc. in this video I'm going to go only
on a few of them, so this is definitely not the full list of things you should be aware of, but just
the beginning and something to help you get started and to give you an introduction to it.
And before we begin, just a very important disclaimer, and this disclaimer is super important.
I am not a lawyer.
This is not a legal advice, and you should consult with your legal team and privacy team before integrating
any LLM based solution in your enterprise.
There are a lot of rules and a lot of regulations that I am not aware of, and the topic of data retention
and privacy is very, very sensitive and should have appropriate handling.
I am also not representing any LLM vendor here, and I'm not giving legal advice.
And every LLM vendor is going to have a Eula, an end user license agreement where they have their terms
of services and they specify how they handle your data.
And it's a legal document that you should look into.
Okay.
I'm just giving you my $0.02 here.
And again, I'm not a lawyer and this is not a legal advice.
So this is a very important disclaimer.
You should always talk to your legal team and privacy team and to act according to what they say.
This video is for educational purposes, and I'm going to give you my $0.02 on this topic.
So you should take everything I say in this video with a grain of salt.
And you should really do your own research when it comes to this topic.
Let's start by talking about data retention and what happens to our data that we send to the model to
a managed model like OpenAI, GPT four or Mini, or Google Cloud's Vertex AI Gemini.
And I want to make a very clear distinction over here.
I'm not talking about the B2C direct to consumer products like ChatGPT or Gemini, which was formerly
known as Bard, but I'm talking about the cloud APIs that they expose for enterprises and businesses.
And again, I want to reiterate, I'm not a lawyer.
This is not a legal advice.
And you should do your own research.
And if you're working for an enterprise, you should consult with your legal team.
All managed vendors have a Eula and users license agreement, and you can see all of the details there.
And this is a legal document which you can read and it has all the information.
But I'm going to give you my $0.02 in this topic.
And a lot of people are concerned what happens with their data.
And they're worried that the managed data vendor are going to train their next model on data that they
will be sending to the model or the generated output.
And from what I saw, in most cases, at least in the top tier models, then there is a guarantee that
they're not going to use the data that we send or the generated text to training purposes.
So we get a guarantee that they're not going to use their data for the model training.
At least that's the default behavior.
If we do want to allow them to do this, we can opt in voluntarily for that.
And by the way, this is a very valid concern because if we're working for an enterprise and we want
to integrate an LLM based solution, we need to make sure this is the case, because we might be dealing
with proprietary data of our organization that we do not want to expose, and we do not want to get
leaked or to get trained on, God forbid.
And if we have customers, we of course, do not want their data to be trained on, because probably
we're going to have legal obligations that is going to protect their data.
So this is the first thing I want to address.
All right.
So this was about training on data that we send to the LLM.
Of course you should expect differences between different LLM vendors.
And let's talk about data retention.
And our vendors going to save the data that we send the LLM.
And if so for how long.
What kind of rules do they have for which purposes, etc..
And in this example of OpenAI, we can see that it clearly says that in order to identify abuse, they
may retain our requests for 30 days and after it it will be deleted.
Or if there are other law requirements.
And they do mention that for some customers they may have a zero retention policy, which is available
where none of the data will be logged or persisted, and it's going to be only used for serving purposes.
And of course, this may also change between vendors.
I did see other vendors where they have a zero retention policy right from the get go, and in order
to log and to retain some of it, you would need to explicitly opt in.
So again, there are differences between the vendors and those may change over time.
All of the rules.
And one last disclaimer.
So even when providers are going to guarantee that they're not going to train their model with our data
and we're going to have zero retention policies.
And for some organizations, this is simply not enough.
Let's take the banking institutions, for example, or insurance companies, they usually have very
strict regulations and very strict policies when it comes to privacy and when it comes to data retention
and sharing customers data, because it is very, very sensitive.
And for those companies, those promises and those guarantees from the LM vendors is not enough.
And usually if they do want to integrate generative AI into their applications, they are going to self
deploy open source models.
And with self deploying open source models in their environment, they will have control over their
data, their retention policies, and they have all the control they need.
However, it will come with a cost because serving LMS is not that simple and they would need to handle
scalability, durability, availability, all those ilities, which is a lot of operations work and
it's not simple to do correctly.
It also costs a lot of money and a lot of effort because they would need to host it on GPUs, and they
would need people to maintain it and to.
Handle the deployment.
And of course they would need to handle the security.
Because even open source models can have vulnerabilities in them, which I.
Didn't discuss at all.
And it comes with a price as well.
And there is also.
This middle ground of hosting the LMS, the open source LMS within their cloud environments.
So they're going to use the managed services of cloud providers to.
Deploy those open source LMS.
So they shift the burden of all those edits to.
The cloud provider, they still have control because it's going to be their.
Cloud environment.
And they can enforce their security controls in.
Their cloud environment.
And just to conclude in this video, I just wanted to.
Introduce you with a couple of things that you need to consider when it comes to privacy and data retention
when using large language models.
This is a very deep topic and we can talk about it for hours.
And my goal here in this video is just to give you an introduction and some things to concern.

--- Generative UI/UX featuring CopilotKit ---

Hey there.
Eden here.
And in this video I want to talk to you about user experience and user interface in generative AI applications.
So building the back ends of our generative AI applications is one challenge.
And we can spend a lot of time in the back end building our agent and building our rack system and making
sure that the output that we give the user is the correct output, that it's trustworthy, and a quality
output.
However, this is just one piece of the puzzle.
In order to have our application complete, we need to create a beautiful user interface and a very
natural user experience for our users.
To be able to trust our application and trust between users and generative AI applications is something
that we need to work for, because users know that generative applications are, let's just say, flaky
and they not always yielding the correct responses.
And they can fail sometimes.
And there is a huge challenge of doing this correctly.
And in this video I will be featuring copilot kit and copilot kit is an amazing open source which helps
us bridge this gap of creating beautiful interfaces, but more importantly, more natural user experiences
in our generative AI applications.
And I think Copilot Kit offers us today the best building blocks for building a beautiful generative
UI.
And when I talk about generative UI, I mean, in general, the user interface of our generative AI
application, which is based on Dlrm.
And I think that in order to create this trust between the user and our system, then we need to be
transparent.
So the user needs to know where does the answer come from.
And for example, if we're building an agent then we need to be transparent on which tools does the
agent have and which tools the agent is using to generate the answer.
Why did he chose that tool?
So the reasoning behind the agent may be some intermediate calculations until we get the final answer.
So we can see how the final answer is being curated.
And even in a Rag application, we need to be transparent and to show the user which documents did we
use to generate the answer so it will know where it's grounded from.
And all of this is going to create better trust between the user and our generative AI application.
All right.
Let's talk now about copilot Kit.
And by the way, all of the demos you saw in this video are taken from the copilot kit documentation.
They're open source.
And in my opinion, they're pioneering right now the landscape of generative UI and generative UX.
So in their repository you can skim around and you can find some starter kits to help you implement
beautiful front ends for your back end generative AI applications.
So this is not a full stack course, so I won't be going into that deeply.
I'm simply introducing now the topics, but overall they simply introduce a bunch of components and
hooks that we can use in our front ends, which makes it super easy to build generative UI and to build
very good user experience on top of our generative AI applications, which is powered with link chain
or with land graph, etc..
I want to elaborate on the support for link chain and link graph applications, and they introduce co
agents which seamlessly integrates with lane graph backends.
And I think the video here by Ariel from copilot Kit, which I will link in this video, is demonstrating
this beautifully.
And when we have a lane graph application, so a lot of things and a lot of moving parts are happening.
We have the state which is constantly changing.
We have intermediate results in that state.
We have nodes that are executing, maybe nodes that are executing in parallel.
We also have human in the loop where we stop the execution of the graph and we go to take the user input.
And then we want to resume the execution of the graph.
So a lot of moving parts here.
And to build a frontend for this.
To be honest it sounds like a nightmare.
But copilot kit did a very good job to implement components for all of that I discussed all built on
top of lane graph applications, which I think is super important and it's super easy to integrate both
lane graph with copilot kit.
I just want to be clear, I don't have any affiliation with copilot kit.
I genuinely believe this is a good project, and I think they're doing an amazing job in the field of
generative UI.

--- Official LangChain Academy Courses ---

-: Hey there, Eden here.
And in this video I want to show you some cool resources
that the LangChain team has officially curated for us
on learning the LangChain ecosystem.
So in the LangChain website over here,
if I go to Resources, we have here the LangChain Academy.
Now the LangChain Academy is a bunch of online courses,
which are free, which offer valuable information
on how to use and how to build on the LangChain ecosystem.
So for example, I show in my course the gist of LangSmith.
I certainly do not go in depth
and there is a lot of depth in the LangSmith product
on tracing, on monitoring,
on evaluating our LLM applications.
And you can learn more about this
in this LangSmith course over here.
So let me just show you how to go to this course.
Going to sign in into my user.
So here I can go and I can enroll for free.
And here we have the video lessons.
All right, so this is the course.
You can see it right now on the left side,
you can see all the videos in the different sections.
And I think it's a very good course
if you want to take an application from a POC
and to take it to production.
Because if you want to do this, you have to trace it,
you have to monitor it,
you have to evaluate it on real-time,
and you need to collect human feedback on your users.
And what answer did you generate?
Were they good, were they bad?
And overall, this course gives a very good introduction
on how to use the LangSmith service in order to do so.
Now, I think this is one of the best,
if not the best products for tracing, for observability,
and for monitoring LLM applications right now.
So it doesn't really surprise me
because LangChain are the leaders in this ecosystem,
at least the way I see it.
So you can take a look at the videos
and all of the videos comes with resources
that you can actually use and you can download,
you can check out the GitHub repositories if you want
to run things locally or in your notebooks.
So I really do recommend it and it's really well curated
and it's really well produced.
So good job to the LangChain team
and I really recommend this course.

--- Open Source LLMs VS Managed LLM Providers (Deepseek) ---

Eden Marco: Hey there, Eden here.
And in this video,
I want to address a commonly asked question
about using LLMs in production.
So, this is the debate whether to use an open source LLM,
like Deepseek, like Llama 3.2,
or to use managed large language models
like GPT-4o mini by a OpenAI,
or using Sonnet by Anthropic,
or using Google Gemini.
And my point of view is going to be the point of view
of enterprise organizations
and what do I suggest them doing?
Of course, there is no one size fits all,
and I think every use case
should be considered independently.
And I'm going to give you my general opinion
and I will try to touch on as many aspects
as I can when it comes to this debate.
Just a very important disclaimer,
and this disclaimer is super important.
I'm not a lawyer.
This is not a legal advice,
and you should consult with your legal team
and privacy team before integrating any LLM-based solution
in your enterprise.
There are a lot of rules
and a lot of regulations that I'm not aware of,
and the topic of data retention
and privacy is very, very sensitive
and should have appropriate handling.
I'm also not representing any LLM vendor here
and I'm not giving legal advice
and every LLM vendor is going to have a EULA,
an end user license agreement
where they have their terms of services
and they specify how they handle your data.
And it's a legal document that you should look into, okay?
I'm just giving you my 2 cents here.
And again, I'm not a lawyer and this is not a legal advice.
So, this is a very important disclaimer.
You should always talk to your legal team and privacy team
and to act according to what they say.
This video is for educational purposes,
and I'm going to give you my 2 cents on this topic.
So, you should take everything I say in this video
with a grain of salt
and you should really do your own research
when it comes to this topic.
All right, so let me start by saying that right now,
at least in 2025,
open source models have gone a long way
and they are becoming quite good.
And we have models like Deepseek,
which has amazing results in benchmarks
and can actually outperform managed models.
And in the future, it is inevitable
that we're going to have more and more open source models
which outperform those managed large language models.
Okay, so let's start
about using open source models in production.
So, first of all, allegedly it's going to be cost effective
because they're free,
and they're cheaper sometimes to operate
because they're smaller,
they proprietary models.
So, this is going to be with a question mark
because I don't believe in large scale
that they're going to be actually much cheaper.
All right.
And let's talk about customizations
because organizations can fine-tune those models
for specific tasks or domains
that potentially can outperform
those general purpose proprietary large language models.
And I think one of the major advantages
of using open source models in production for organizations
is the control and privacy.
So, companies can host their models, their sales,
on their internal servers,
so the data doesn't leave their servers
and they can keep it safe and private.
And I think this is especially true
for companies which are highly regulated,
like banks, maybe hospitals
or organizations dealing with health data
which are under compliance and under heavy regulation.
All right, so let me now tackle those advantages.
So, cost effectiveness is actually not true in my opinion
because this means even though the model is free,
because it's open source and we can actually use it
or locally in our machine,
but deploying it so that it can actually be served
to customers in large scale is a very, very hard task.
We need to handle availability, durability,
scalability, all the agility.
We need to handle security
and we need to handle a lot of things.
And now our task becomes,
rather than developing an LLM application,
but making an LLM model be able to serve our customers
and to handle our scale.
So, I think this really derails the goal
of using open source models
because it shifts all the responsibility
and all the work to start handling a lot of operations.
And one might argue that we can use a managed services
that host those open source models,
so to use services like Grok.
So, they are correct, but once we do that,
we actually lose a lot of the benefits
of using open source models
because we wanted them to be on our service
so they can be private
and we'll have control over what's going to be generated.
And once we use those services like Grok, then we lose that.
And let's talk about pricing.
Whether we deploy it ourself, it's going to cost a lot.
If it's not going to cost a lot of compute
and GPUs to serve those models,
it's going to cost a lot because we need
to pay for engineers to deploy them
and for operations team to handle them and to monitor them.
So, a lot of costs is involved of deploying those LLMs,
open source of LLMs.
And if we'll go even to managed services like Grok,
to use them,
then the pricing is not that compelling
and it's not that cheaper from those managed LLMs,
proprietary LLMS from vendors like OpenAI,
Anthropic, and Google and many other more.
And the trend of those first party models
are going to be that they're getting better,
faster, and cheaper as we go in time.
All right, so let me talk about benefits
of using the managed LLMs.
So, those proprietary models that are offered as a service.
And let's talk about the advantages.
So, first of all, the ease of use.
They're super easy to use
and they're simple to integrate
and we don't need to handle deployment.
So, it reduced the time to market
because we can simply plug and play.
They're very reliable and offer support
because the vendors provide professional support and updates
and optimizations as we go in time.
And regarding compliance.
So, most LLMs are actually compliant for SOC 2
and for HIPAA,
and every vendor can tell you if they're compliant or not
and to which compliance issues.
All right, and let's talk now also about performance.
So, those,
managed LLMs of the big vendors
are usually quite good and they offer very quality results.
And let's talk about the elephant in the room.
So, sending a sensitive data to a third party service,
it may not be suitable for all organizations,
however many organizations are cloud-based.
And if they're cloud-based,
then their data is already in the cloud.
So, they're storing their databases in AWS
or in Google Cloud, and the data is already there.
So, why is it so scary sending some prompts
to those vendors?
Because for example, let's say Anthropic.
So, Anthropic, has their model available
also on AWS Bedrock and on Google Cloud.
So, those customers which deploy their services
on those clouds can actually consume the service.
So, it's going to stay on the cloud already.
And if you're example using Gemini in Google
and you're already deployed on Google Cloud,
then it doesn't differ than using another database
or another managed services.
All right.
And I also want to address a fine-tuning.
So, you can actually fine-tune proprietary models
and the vendors actually offer this capability.
However, I'm not personally a big fan of fine-tuning
because in my opinion, in most cases,
we don't really need it and it's simply going to cost us
whether it's time creating our dataset for fine-tuning
or the actual compute to fine-tune the model.
And I think because models are so much better now,
and with the right prompt
and right few shot examples,
we can achieve awesome results which are acceptable
and won't require us to go and fine-tune a model.
Let me know if you want me
to make a video elaborating on this topic.

--- Confidence in AI Results By Assaf Elovic & Harrison Chase ---

مرحباً بك
عدن هنا.
هل تساءلت يومًا عن السبب الذي يجعل بعض منتجات الذكاء الاصطناعي تنطلق ويبدأ الجميع في استخدامها، بينما
البعض الآخر، حتى مع وجود تكنولوجيا رائعة حقًا، لا يبدو أن أحدًا قد تعلق بها.
اتضح أن الخلطة السرية غالبًا ما يكون لها علاقة أقل بكثير بمدى دقة الذكاء الاصطناعي الفائقة أو تعقيده
التقني.
لذا كتب صديقاي آساف وهاريسون هذه المقالة الرائعة عن ذلك.
يقولون إن الشيء الحقيقي الذي يُحدث فرقاً هو شيء يسمونه الرعاية.
وهذا يعني الثقة في نتائج الذكاء الاصطناعي.
إنها ليست مجرد فكرة رقيقة.
يمكنك في الواقع معرفة مقدار ما لديك منه.
خمن كيف يمكن أن تتغير وتعمل على تحسينها.
وبصراحة، هذا هو الشيء الرئيسي الذي يقرر ما إذا كان منتج الذكاء الاصطناعي الخاص بك سينجح.
بغض النظر عن مدى روعة الأشياء الموجودة تحت غطاء المحرك، فإن جعل الناس يستخدمون شيئًا
ما يتعلق بتجاوز خوفهم وبناء الثقة.
يحتاج الناس إلى أن يشعروا بالرضا عن استخدام الذكاء الاصطناعي ليقفزوا حقًا.
إذاً كيف يمكننا حتى معرفة هذا الأمر المتعلق بالثقة.
وهنا يأتي دور الرعاية.
الرعاية هي في الأساس هي الأشياء الجيدة التي يحصل عليها الناس مقابل المتاعب التي يتعاملون معها.
إنها إلى حد كبير قيمة مقسومة على المخاطر، مضروبة في مقدار الجهد الذي يتطلبه إصلاح الأمور.
دعونا نحلل ذلك ببساطة.
القيمة.
هذه هي الأشياء الجيدة التي يحصل عليها المستخدمون عندما يقوم الذكاء الاصطناعي بالفعل بما يفترض به.
هل يوفر لهم الوقت؟
هل توفر لهم المال؟
ساعدهم في صنع شيء جديد.
المخاطرة.
هذا ما يحدث إذا أخطأ الذكاء الاصطناعي في شيء ما.
إذا أفسد الذكاء الاصطناعي الأمر، هل هو مجرد أمر مزعج قليلاً أم يمكن أن يسبب مشاكل كبيرة؟
التصحيح هذا هو مقدار العمل الذي يقوم به المستخدم لإصلاح خطأ الذكاء الاصطناعي.
هل من الصعب التراجع عن الخطأ؟
هل يجب عليهم البدء من جديد، أم أن هناك طريقة سهلة للضغط على زر الرجوع؟
عندما تكون الرعاية عالية، يتحمس الناس ويقفزون.
عندما يكون منخفضاً، لا يستخدمه أحد.
واضح وبسيط.
الشيء المهم حقًا هنا هو أن الرعاية تأتي في الغالب من كيفية تصميم المنتج، وليس فقط مدى جودة عمل
الذكاء الاصطناعي نفسه.
نعم.
حسناً.
إذا كانت عينك تفشل دائمًا، فإن القيمة تساوي صفرًا وستفشل الرعاية.
لكننا نتحدث عن الأشياء التي يمكنك كفريق منتج التحكم في مخاطرها فعلياً ومدى سهولة
إصلاحها.
انظر إلى المؤشر، محرر الأكواد المزود بذكاء اصطناعي مدمج أصبح شائعًا للغاية.
إنشاء التعليمات البرمجية باستخدام الذكاء الاصطناعي.
يبدو الأمر محفوفاً بالمخاطر، أليس كذلك؟
قد يؤدي الاقتراح السيئ إلى كسر شيء مهم تمامًا، ولكن صمم المؤشر التجربة بحيث تشعر بأقصى
قدر من الثقة عند استخدام فكرته.
مخاطر منخفضة.
يحدث الرمز هناك في المحرر الخاص بك.
لا يغير نظامك المباشر تلقائياً.
التصحيح منخفض.
إذا لم يكن الاقتراح جيدًا، فما عليك سوى الضغط على حذف أو الكتابة فوقه.
من السهل جداً إصلاحه.
يوفر المطورون ذوو القيمة العالية كميات هائلة من الوقت والقوة الذهنية.
لذا، فإن الرعاية تساوي مرتفعًا مقسومًا على منخفض في منخفض، وهو مرتفع جدًا.
هذا مجرد تصميم ذكي للمنتج.
تخيل لو قام المؤشر بحفظ التغييرات البرمجية تلقائيًا في فرع الكود الرئيسي مباشرةً.
ستكون المخاطرة كبيرة، حتى مع وجود طرق سهلة للعودة إلى الإصدارات القديمة.
تصحيح منخفض.
ستكون الرعاية أقل بكثير.
هذا يوضح مدى أهمية فصل الاختبار عن وضع الأشياء على الهواء مباشرةً.
الأدوات الإبداعية مثل جاسبر تعمل بنفس الطريقة نوعاً ما.
إنها تجعلني أشعر بأنني مساعد، وليس شيئًا قائمًا بذاته تمامًا.
أنت تحصل على الأفكار، ولكنك أنت الشخص صاحب الكلمة الأخيرة.
هذا يحافظ على انخفاض المخاطر والتصحيح، مما يمنحك رعاية عالية.
والآن دعونا نلقي نظرة على بعض الميزات في يوم الإثنين. كوم التي تستخدم الذكاء الاصطناعي.
يمكن لمكعبات الذكاء الاصطناعي الخاصة بهم القيام بالأشياء تلقائيًا وتغيير لوحاتك.
غالبًا ما تكون هذه اللوحات مثل قلب الشركة، حيث تحتوي على معلومات مهمة حول كيفية إنجاز الأمور.
قد تؤدي المخاطر والأتمتة المتوسطة وغير الصحيحة إلى إفساد الجداول الزمنية للمشروع، أو إرسال معلومات خاطئة، أو إفساد
أشياء أخرى مرتبطة به لأن اللوحات مرتبطة ببعضها البعض.
قد يعني إصلاح خطأ ما البحث في الكثير من الأماكن المختلفة للعثور على قيمة التغييرات
التلقائية العالية وإلغاءها يدويًا.
يمكن أن توفر أتمتة المهام المملة على الفرق الكثير من الوقت.
تساوي Caia تساوي عالية مقسومة على متوسطة في متوسطة، وهي متوسطة.
هذا النوع من الكايا المعتدلة يفسر سبب تردد الناس، خاصةً في اللوحات التي يستخدمونها لأشياء
مهمة جداً.
على المستخدمين أن يوافقوا على التغييرات التي ليسوا متأكدين منها تماماً، ويوافقوا عليها قبل أن يروا كيف
ستسير الأمور بالضبط.
تشير الفكرة الرئيسية إلى إصلاح واضح بإضافة وضع المعاينة.
دع المستخدمين يرون بالضبط ما هي التغييرات التي سيجريها الذكاء الاصطناعي أيضاً قبل أن يقوموا بها فعلياً.
هذا التغيير الواحد يقلل من الخطر من متوسط إلى منخفض.
السيارة الجديدة تساوي الأعلى مقسومًا على الأدنى مضروبًا في المتوسط، وهو الأعلى.
هذا يجعل الناس يشعرون بمزيد من الثقة ويعني على الأرجح أن المزيد من الأشخاص سيستخدمونه.
وفعلت كل ذلك دون تغيير نموذج الذكاء الاصطناعي نفسه.
هذه الأفكار مهمة للغاية في المجالات ذات المخاطر العالية مثل المال والأشياء والصحة.

--- [NEW] AI FOMO is the New Normal ---

1
Hey there, Eden here.
2
And this video is all about FOMO, the fear of missing out,
3
and in the ever-changing rapid-pace environment
4
that we live in.
5
And specifically I'm talking
6
about the AI development environment.
7
So there is this blog which Andrej Karpathy wrote
8
at the end of 2025, which really resonated
9
with a lot of people, including myself.
10
And I think it encompasses a lot of ideas
11
which I actually agree and believe in.
12
And this ex post is Andrej's sharing his feelings
13
on this environment that we live in.
14
So he says that, "I've never felt
15
this much behind as a programmer."
16
So this is very true and I can totally resonate with that.
17
And I feel it every day
18
because there are new things coming out every day
19
and it's really hard, sorry, it's impossible
20
to keep track on everything
21
that is happening with all of the AI development.
22
"The profession is being dramatically refactored
23
as the bits contributed
24
by the programmer are increasingly sparse and between.
25
I have a sense
26
that I could be 10X more powerful
27
if I just properly string together
28
what has become available over the last year,
29
and failure to claim the boost
30
feels decidedly like skill issue."
31
And here he is referring to the FOMO feeling
32
that we have all been living with,
33
because we see tons of announcements
34
and we really don't have the time
35
to go and dive into everything.
36
He says that there's a new programmable layer of abstraction
37
to master in addition to the usual layers below,
38
involving agents, sub-agents, their prompts,
39
context, memory, modes, permissions,
40
tools, plugins, skills, hooks, MCP, LSP,
41
slash commands, workflows, IDE integrations,
42
and the need to build an all-encompassing mental model
43
for strengths and pitfalls
44
of fundamentally stochastic, fallible, unintelligible
45
and changing entities suddenly intermingled
46
with what used to be good old-fashioned engineering.
47
And the TL;DR for this
48
is that the software stack has changed.
49
We no longer write code, we write prompts that write code.
50
We write prompts that execute
51
in agents or subagents which invoke tools,
52
and we get the artifact,
53
and we are becoming the orchestrators.
54
And the skill of software engineering
55
is transferring from being a good coder
56
of knowing the right syntax
57
and how to use the technologies,
58
but to have a more higher-layer orchestrator role.
59
So we now manage a team of agents
60
where each agent is doing something else.
61
And I really like the comparison
62
of a team lead which manages engineers.
63
So the team lead goes
64
and tells the engineers what to do.
65
The team leader reviews their work, gives them feedback,
66
and these loops goes on and on and on
67
until we get the final product.
68
And the same work
69
a team lead is doing with engineers, we do with our agents.
70
We give the agents tasks, we see how they're doing,
71
we sometimes give them the correct tools
72
and the correct skills to perform those tasks.
73
And the work shifted more to review
74
than to the actual writing and implementation.
75
And this is a fundamental shift
76
that we are experiencing right now.
77
Now, all of the tech stacks of agents,
78
subagents, MCP, LSP, slash command,
79
workflows, IDE integrations, this is all true,
80
and this is the new tech stack.
81
This is the new programming language of the future.
82
And I think we have great privilege
83
to experience this firsthand as everything rapidly evolves.
84
So we are actually witnessing a paradigm shift
85
and a new abstraction layer
86
that we are going to work in order to create software.
87
So if in the beginning of software,
88
people used to have punch cards,
89
which they give the machine
90
and this would run the code, then we had Assembly,
91
then we had C++, which abstracted Assembly,
92
then we had Python, which abstracted C++,
93
so now we're in an era
94
where programming languages are abstracted
95
and English now is the new abstraction.
96
And the real challenge is for us to orchestrate
97
how to work with those new abstractions
98
and to learn to work with their limitations
99
and to solve those limitations
100
and to continuously push the limits.
101
And it talks here about good old-fashioned engineering.
102
And I have to give you an example
103
from my personal experience.
104
So when I was a software engineer,
105
I hated writing regular expressions.
106
I hated it.
107
And there is this website,
108
I think it's called regex101.com,
109
and this was a website
110
that really made things easier
111
when writing regular expressions.
112
So we had in our thing, this guy,
113
he was really, really good in writing regexes.
114
And every time I needed to go and write one,
115
I would always go and ask him.
116
And it was really a skill,
117
and he was renowned to it in the entire company
118
that he knew how to write regex.
119
So everyone who needed to write a regex,
120
if it was something complicated and not trivial,
121
that guy was the address.
122
We always went and asked for this engineer's help.
123
And today, this skill is actually not useful.
124
It's like learning how to navigate in a map
125
in order to drive somewhere.
126
You have Google Maps, you have Waze,
127
and today, you can simply ask an LLM
128
or Cloud Code or Cursor
129
how to write the regular expression
130
for what you're looking for.
131
So, the good old-fashioned engineering is changing.
132
And there are a lot of skills and techniques
133
and practices that software engineers had
134
which are no longer relevant.
135
And I think being a good software engineer
136
is simply to be a good problem solver,
137
and simply being curious,
138
I think those are the most important skills.
139
And this is valid for the old software engineering era
140
and it's valid for the future software engineering era.
141
And I think curiosity today
142
is having much more impact on your skills.
143
Because curiosity, this is what driving the change.
144
This is what driving to push the limits
145
and to try things new
146
and to learn how to do things differently
147
and potentially better.
148
And Andrej continues, he said,
149
"Clearly some powerful alien tool was handed around,
150
except it comes with no manual
151
and everyone has to figure out how to hold it and operate it
152
while the resulting magnitude nine earthquake
153
is rocking the profession.
154
Roll up your sleeves to not fall behind."
155
And I think the key part here is,
156
"comes with no manual."
157
And here, actually I think the imagination is the limit,
158
because all the technology we're seeing of agents,
159
of coding agents,
160
of how impressive they get
161
is a building block on a building block
162
on a building block on a building block
163
that will stack up one after another,
164
each one using the abstraction below.
165
And it's really amazing to live and see this in action.
166
And I was lucky enough
167
to jump on this train when it began,
168
and I saw how everything evolved,
169
and I saw how one abstraction
170
got better and better and better,
171
and then there was another layer of abstraction
172
that was created on top of it, which gave us insane results.
173
And I think the best way to have a deep understanding
174
is to go back in time and see how things evolved.
175
Because when you see how things evolved in this space
176
and you see the iterations,
177
for example, estate agents,
178
it all started from a ReAct prompt.
179
Then this ReAct prompt evolved to function calling,
180
then with function calling, we got into agentic workflows.
181
And then after that,
182
we are in this deep agents era right now
183
and task delegation and subagents.
184
And when you're seeing this firsthand
185
and when you jump on the train
186
and you see how abstraction is solving problems
187
from the early abstraction,
188
you really get in-depth understanding.
189
And it really removes a bit this FOMO feeling,
190
because you know what problems exist today,
191
and when new tools come, you know what they solve.
192
Now, it says everyone has to figure out
193
how to hold it and operate it.
194
So the key thing here is that, of course,
195
the best practices are things that are in the making.
196
And we don't have manuals,
197
we don't have official documentations of imagination,
198
because it really boils down to imaginations
199
and to try things and to experiment.
200
So I think this area here
201
that we're living in, experimentation is key.
202
And getting our hands dirty,
203
as it says here,
204
is very important in order to do this experimentation.
205
And in my opinion,
206
this is the moral of the story of this tweet.
207
It's sort of assuring us and calming us,
208
saying that, "Hey, we live in this FOMO world,
209
and even Andrej Karpathy,
210
who is a renowned computer scientist,
211
even he feels the FOMO.
212
Even he feels not knowing enough and falling behind."
213
And the way to solve it is to get your hands dirty
214
and to start experimenting.
215
And in order to solve this FOMO
216
is to roll up your sleeves
217
and to start getting your hands dirty and experimenting.
218
Now, I have to tell you, the FOMO,
219
this is something here to stay.
220
You are always going to feel this FOMO.
221
I feel it myself.
222
And I think here focus is really, really important as well.
223
There are lots of tweets every day,
224
lots of new technologies, new products
225
planning to solve X and X and Y.
226
And I think the skill of distilling the noise
227
and focusing on what's important,
228
it's really, really important in this era,
229
because this is a rabbit hole.
230
If you go into Twitter, you start scrolling around,
231
then it's going to have tons of content.
232
And there is this infinite rabbit hole we can go into
233
if we don't focus.
234
And my two cents is that when I go through Twitter,
235
I see what's new.
236
I don't go through everything.
237
I don't dive in deep into everything.
238
If I found something that interests me,
239
that solves the problem
240
that I'm really interested in solving,
241
I go, I dive deep, and I get my hands dirty.
242
Cool, so that's it for this video.
243
And I think my main key point here
244
is that you are not alone with the FOMO.
245
everyone is experiencing, including myself,
246
including Andrej Karpathy.
247
And we need to accept this FOMO
248
and we need to keep living with it.

--- Finished course? Whats next! ---

-: Hey guys, Eden here, I hope you joined the course
and I would really appreciate if you can write me a review.
This really, really helps.
Now I want to take a recap of this entire course
and what we did so far and how to go next.
So the main idea for this course
was to give you an introduction
and an elaborate introduction
for LLM application development.
We covered two super important patterns
when it comes to developing LLM applications.
The first one is using agents
and leveraging the reasoning capabilities of the LLM,
creating agents which can execute non-deterministic actions,
so this was the first part.
And the second part was dedicated
for retrieval augmentation, for utilizing vector stores
and semantic search and embeddings
in order to chat over our proprietary data
and leveraging this capability.
So every LLM application is either using this pattern
or that pattern or simply making a call to the LLM directly,
and you have now the tools
in order to create those applications.
So now let's talk about what's next
and what do I suggest you're doing in your learning journey
of LLM application development.
So if you've been following along this course,
you probably noticed that developing an LLM application
is not that simple.
Coming up with this perfect prompt,
which would get the best response for the LLM,
requires a lot of work and investing a lot of time.
And what happens if the LLM suddenly changes
and now the prompt is not working as expected?
And what if we want to consider other LLMs in other models
which are faster, maybe cheaper, or maybe more secure?
So we would need to take this prompt
and adjust it to the other LLM.
So prompt management is a really important issue
when it comes to LLM application development.
We also need to monitor our LLMs.
So we want to see how fast are we getting our response,
what's the latency?
How much does each request cost us
and how much are we going to pay to the LLM vendors?
We also have debugging, where something goes wrong,
and we want to understand why the LLM
is not returning us the correct response
and the response that we want.
And that can be a challenge,
especially when we're dealing with agents
and of course, evaluation.
Even if we use the LLM,
how can we know that the response
that we get from the LLM is good?
So we want to have tools
that help us automate all those processes,
because if we're going to evaluate
the LLM response manually,
this would take a lot of time and it doesn't scale.
So all of those problems are being bundled together
into a new evolving field called LLMOps, LLM operations.
And there are several of popular tools
which can help us solve
and to perform better LLM operations.
One famous one is LangSmith by LangChain.
And LangSmith is a unified platform
that enables developers
to build production-grade LLM application.
And it helps with debugging, testing, evaluating,
and monitoring all of the applications,
and allowing us developers
to have quick and efficient development life cycles.
So LangSmith currently is not open source,
so this is something you should consider,
but if you want open source alternative,
you can use Pezzo
and Pezzo really helps with prompt management and tracing
and monitoring our LLM operations.
So we should also check out Pezzo, in my opinion.
I want to talk about LLM security for a moment.
So in this course,
we haven't really talked about this subject.
So there's a difference
when we develop an LLM application locally,
between deploying it into production,
because once it's deployed in production
and we have real customers using it,
then we need to make sure that our LLM application
is threat safe.
And that's a pretty challenging thing to do
because large language models and usage of them
bring a lot of new attack vectors.
So things like prompt injection and agents accessing data
that they shouldn't access.
So those things are real world problems
that we need to take account of.
So recently, LangChain made a huge repository change
where all the code that was not safe
and held new vulnerabilities
was moved to this experimental directory.
So overall, security is something important in my opinion,
and maybe I'm just mentioning it
because I come from a security background,
but I think it's important to know and to explore,
especially when we are dealing with LLMs.
Now let's talk about resources and where do I suggest you go
to find new information
when it comes to generative AI application developments,
and LangChain, LangSmith, other frameworks, all of that?
So really the two things I highly suggest you do,
and in my opinion, it would cover most of it,
is one to follow the LangChain blogs,
so every week they release new blog,
and new ideas, new implementations about generative AI
and gen AI application development.
And I think it's an excellent source of information
for you to keep going.
And the other thing I highly suggest you joining Twitter
and reading about generative AI in there,
there are a lot of people that post things
about researchers and about new applications,
new use cases, and new ways to optimize things.
So I highly recommend you joining Twitter
and follow it there because all the news,
all of that are being directly streamed into Twitter.
So that's pretty much it.
I do update this course frequently.
So when something new and important comes out,
I do update this course.
And I hope you enjoyed this course,
and if you do want to support me,
I'd appreciate a Udemy review.
This really helps me to spread around the world,
and thank you so much.

--- What is LangGraph? ---

Eden: Hey there, Eden here.
And in this video, we're going to discuss
what's LangGraph and why do we need it,
and why it's different from LangChain.
So LangChain has been existing for a year
and it's an amazing framework
for building generative AI applications.
If you want to build RAG applications or even agents,
LangChain is here to help.
It has gone a long way since it was created,
and I mean it for the good.
It got more secure, more flexible,
more readable, and more usable,
especially with the LangChain Expression Language.
Leveraging composability, the way now to interact
with the LangChain components couldn't be more convenient.
And LangChain is the open-source framework
which is at the moment pioneering
a lot of work around agents.
And in LangChain, we can build agents,
and I even showed it in my LangChain course,
how to build agents and what's the logic behind it.
However, we do have limitations
when we build agents within LangChain.
And I think this diagram,
which LangChain published when they launched LangGraph,
demonstrating the challenges
of building complex agentic systems.
So, the person with the computer is code,
and the person talking, you can think about it as an LLM.
The top line represent sequential code that we write.
This is deterministic code that simply runs and execute.
So we, the developers, have full control of it.
At the very bottom, we have agents or autonomous agents,
which they can decide what they need to do and how to do it,
and they simply do it.
And by the way, at the moment,
there aren't any autonomous agents
which are quite production-ready or usable.
So those have the most freedom.
When we make a regular LLM call,
then the LLM decides what is the output
and we have no control of it,
but we decide which steps to take before
and which steps to take after.
But those are very simple applications.
For example, you can think of a cybersecurity company
that is making a request to the LLM to explain an alert.
We can build some useful features with it,
but nothing really complex.
And when we use LangChain chains,
we can have a bunch of LLM calls
and we still have control of what happens before
and after those calls.
So, we can still build some very cool things
because we are chaining a lot of LLM calls together
and we have more freedom at the moment.
Now, within LangChain, we can use something
which are called router chains or router agents,
which are leveraging LLMs to decide which call to make
or what steps to take.
And we can easily do it
with the LangChain Expression Language,
and I showed it in my LangChain course.
However, with the LangChain Expression Language,
we can't make cycles.
We can only have the acyclic graphs.
So a certain flow that we write beforehand,
but we can't iterate, we can't come back
to the original node that we started from
and start the process all over again.
There are LangChain implementations
for those kind of things,
but they are ad hoc implementations,
like for example, the React algorithm,
where there is literally a while loop in the source code.
This is exactly where LangGraph blends in.
It gives us another dimension of freedom
and complexity we can add into our agents.
So we can with LangGraph implement cycles.
And this feature is super important
when we want to build very complex agent
that have a certain amount of freedom
that we are not used to from before.
And the concept of this,
it relates to something which is called flow engineering.
So we as the developers,
we can define the flow of our program
and we can blend in with LangGraph the LLM.
And the LLM can also help us
where do we want to go in the flow,
whether to go to flow A or flow B,
or to finish, or to go back to where we started
and to continue from there.
So the cycles gives us a lot of freedom,
and with LangGraph, it's very elegant
and very easy to implement those kind of solutions.
So from the LangGraph documentation,
you can see it's listed as building language agents
as graphs.
So the entire logic, the entire flow of the agent
can be expressed as a graph,
as a graph with cycles,
and this is very convenient.
And with LangGraph, we can build some very advanced systems,
and we'll even see something like that in the course.

--- Why LangGraph? LangGraph VS LangChain ---

Eden: Hey there, Eden here,
and in this video we'll explain the motivation
of creating the LangGraph framework.
Now it's going to be theoretical/philosophical
and it's really going to explain why LangGraph was created.
So first I want to start with a big shout out
to the LangChain team
that provided me some slides and some illustrations
so I can use in this video.
Alright, so let's talk about building AI systems
and if we'll take a look on AI systems
from the perspective of levels of autonomy
that those applications have,
then we have a spectrum.
And in that spectrum, on the one end,
we have deterministic code.
And those are systems, where we as developers,
we write the code.
We do not integrate any LLN,
so we only have deterministic code
like the functions and flow that you see right over here.
So we know exactly what is the output,
which is going to be at every step,
what's going to be the input,
which steps we're going to take.
And we basically have control, on the entire system.
And while those systems are very resilient and reliable
because we have control on their entire performance,
however, they're not flexible at all.
And this is because everything is hardcoded.
And if we take a look at the spectrum,
on the other hand, we have this idea of autonomous agents
and those autonomous agents can do everything.
They can make up their task of what to do,
they can write code, execute that code
then to reorder their tasks and to write another code.
And they're very dynamic
and they can really get a task
from the beginning to the end
and they're super flexible.
They can receive prompts like,
make be the number one YouTuber and they supposedly
can actually do this.
However, in reality, those kinds of systems,
they don't really exist.
So projects like RGPT GPT Engineer, BabyAGI,
they were trying to implement something like this.
Now, while those projects are very important to the industry
and I really think they pound on innovation
and pushing the boundaries,
they're not very production oriented
and we don't see any usage
of those kinds of systems in production.
Because there's simply too flexible
and we don't have control
because we rely too much on the LLM.
And when we do that, then the LLM tends to scatter around
and to not output us what we want.
And the reason for this is that LLMs
at the very basic level are simply statistical creatures
guessing one token after the other.
So autonomous agents, while flexible,
they're not very reliable.
All right, so those are the two ends of the spectrum
and let's now talk about what's in between the spectrum.
So one level after writing the terministic code
is to integrate an LLM into that code.
So we as developers, we still write the code
and we control the control flow
and we know exactly what's going to be executed.
But inside of this flow, then the LLM can be used
for example, maybe to summarize something
or to extract the information, to extract some entities.
But overall we have a lot of control over here.
The LLM simply helps us in this process
and controls only one output in this entire flow.
And by only doing this, by integrating an LLM,
we gain a lot of flexibility
because the generation of LLMs, can be very creative
and we still have most of the control
on the development side.
Now if we take this a step further,
we can introduce the concept of chaining.
And this is basically to take one output of an LLM
and giving it as an input to another LLM.
So to compose one call over the other.
And here you can see an example
of a RAG flow, Retrieval-Augmentation Generation
where we give the first LLM our original question.
We then integrate embeddings,
so we take the question, we embed it
and we retrieve with similar relevant documents
which are probably going to help answer that question.
And then we take the original prompt, we augment it
and we send everything to the LLM
which finally generates the answer.
And this is just one example
of chaining multiple LLM calls/using embeddings.
So we have a lot of other use cases
and a lot of other flow chains,
but this is basically one step further
which really gives us the possibility
to build really cool things.
So to summarize, in a chain we have LLMs
that determine the output in a bunch of steps, not only one.
And the more we progress to this autonomous agent
end of the spectrum,
we leverage LLMs to build complex systems.
Alright, so let's now continue
and let's now discuss the concept of an LLM router.
And an LLM router is a kind of chain
which leverages the LLM to decide where do we want to go.
So we can use an LLM to decide
whether we are going to execute code in Branch 1
or code in Branch 2.
So it can be for example to go and search in a database
or to go and search over the web
and the LLM can decide where to go.
So we are using the reasoning power of an LLM here.
Here for the first time, the LLM decides
which steps do we need to take
and this gives us even more flexibility
of building those kinds of systems.
However, you notice here that it's written
that there are no cycles in an LLM router
and you see this dotted line over here.
So what is below this dotted line
is what we consider an agent
or an agentic application.
Cool. So everything you see above this line
is actually very well implemented within LangChain
and I am a very big fan of LangChain
and I think we can build very advanced systems
with only those building blocks
with the LangChain framework.
Alright, back into this theoretical part,
you see this gap here,
right between this autonomous agent and the router.
Then I'll give you a spoiler,
LangGraph is positioned right over here.
There have been a lot of discussions of what is an agent
and what's the formal definition of an agent
and what's an agentic application.
And if you go and ask somebody what's an agent
or what's an agentic application,
you're going to hear from three people
three different answers.
And if you're going to ask them a day later,
you'll get three more different answers.
Now today, in my opinion,
the definition of an agentic system or an agent,
is very soft and there isn't a definitive answer for that.
I do like what Andrew Ng from DeepLearningAI
and Harrison Chase from LangChain wrote on the topic.
But I think they all share a similar consensus
of the core components of an agent.
And in my opinion, if you really want to dummy down
and to look at it at its core level,
then an agent is essentially
a control flow that an LLM decides where to go.
So you can see in this picture over here,
we have an LLM which decides whether to go to step one
or whether to go to step two.
So this is a very basic example of an agent.
We're using the reasoning power of an LLM
to decide where to go in this flow.
And you might ask yourself,
"Hey, what's the difference between an agent and a chain
"and specifically even the router chain."
Because I showed you earlier
and I told you it wasn't an agent.
And the main difference is that a chain
is one directional.
We move from the left to the right, while in an agent,
we actually have those kinds of cycles.
And those cycles we're going to soon see are very important
and they are what's going to give our application
agentic properties.
And specifically agents, at least agents nowadays,
they use function calling, to decide which steps to take.
And function calling is a very cool feature
of certain LLMs, where besides
our query that we send the LLM, the question,
we can send a description of tools.
So those are functions that we can execute in our backend
and we can orchestrate them
and we send the LLM, also the description
of those functions, their arguments, their title,
what they're supposed to do
and what their return value is
and we can do that very easily with the tool decorator.
And then the LLM, if it finds appropriate,
it can tell us that we need to invoke these functions
with those arguments.
So, hopefully we'll go, we'll invoke those function
with those arguments
and we'll get back the answer that we want.
Cool. So now let's talk about the most basic design
for an agent.
And it was first introduced in the ReAct paper
and it really, I think changed our industry.
So basically the algorithm for this type of agent,
is very simple.
So we start, we then use the LLM
to decide whether we need to use a tool.
So for example, to make a call to an API
or a call to a database and query there
and the LLM decides whether we need
to call this tool or not.
Then we go and call this tool with the arguments
that the LLM chose us to execute this tool.
We get an answer and then we feed back everything to the LLM
which can decide whether to use another tool
or whether to return the answer to the user.
So I don't want to dive too deep
into the ReAct algorithm and how does it work?
I do actually do this in my LangChain course
and my LangGraph course,
where we do implement this kind of algorithm
from zero and we really understand where it's coming from
and what is this kind of magic
because it really looks magical
from the first time you see it.
All right. So the ReAct paper, was super innovative
and right away the LangChain team implemented very nicely
within the LangChain framework
and we started seeing those agents pop up.
So those agents were actually very flexible.
So the LLM can decide whether to invoke tool one
or then to invoke tool two, or to invoke tool one
and then tool two, et cetera.
And it has all the permutation that it can wrap.
However, it was too flexible.
And since every permutation is allowed,
then also this permutation is allowed.
And if you've been developing agents for a while,
then you're probably familiar with this error
where the agent is in this sort of end the slope
where it's invoking the same tool,
over and over and over
and simply is stuck.
And there are many reasons for why this can happen.
Maybe we didn't define our tools correctly.
The LLM is non-deterministic or not strong enough.
It chooses the correct tool to use
or it gives it the incorrect arguments
or it even hallucinates a tool that does not exist.
So there are a lot of explanations
of why those things may happen.
And basically what I'm trying to show you here,
is that we have here a problem,
where we have an agent maybe that is flexible
like in RGPT
or even the ReAct algorithm, but it's not very reliable.
And what we want is something which still is flexible
but much more reliable.
So we can actually use it in production systems
and let users interact with it and get good results
which work outside the scope of a demo.
This is exactly, why LangGraph was created.
And you see this gap here
between the autonomous agent and the router.
So here, LangGraph is positioned
and the idea of LangGraph
is to not give the entire freedom to the LLM
rather to scope it and to take this freedom
and take it down by one dimension
and to still allow the LLM to have freedom
but not to give it all the freedom.
And with LangGraph, we represent our software,
our agentic software as a graph with nodes and edges
and we represent it as a state machine,
which can have cycles,
which will give us agentic properties
and it will look like the agent can reason
and it can think about what it needs to do.
And it give us very advanced capabilities,
but we control the flow as developers.
The LLM can play a crucial role in this flow
and decide where do we need to go in this flow.
But we as developers, we decide this flow
and by actually reducing one dimension
of freedom from the LLM,
we can actually gain a lot of reliability
and we can architect our system
such that it would be much more resilient and reliable
and all thanks because we have the entire control
of the flow.
And with LangGraph, we architect our software,
our agentic software as a state machine,
where we have nodes and edges
and this is displayed as a graph,
like you can see right here.
We have nodes and we have edges
and LangGraph gives us a lot of support
for building those kinds of graphs
which are very opinionated
for building agentic applications.
And you might ask yourself,
"Hey, why do we need LangGraph for that?
"I can build it with airflow
"or with network X
"or another graph framework."
And the reason is that LangGraph is very opinionated
towards agentic applications
and it's built to solve that problem.
And it offers a lot of building blocks,
like controllability, running nodes in parallel
and having conditional branching with the LLMs
and having persistence which is built in.
So we can store our current state of the graph
and what's being executed and what has been executed,
which helps us to implement very easily,
human in the loop flows
where we integrate human feedback
which calibrates our execution of our agent.
Time traveling, which is to replay some step
that didn't work correctly
and even debugging and tooling for tracing
because it comes integrated with LangSmith out of the box.
And by the way, you can write inside LangGraph
any code you want.
So it doesn't have to be LangChain code,
but you really can choose anything you want.
By the way, I think one of the motivations
for architecting the software as graphs
is because, most of the papers on agentic applications
and agentic behavior were illustrated as graphs.
So it also feels very natural
to describe those solutions as graphs
and it is very readable and very easy to maintain
and to test and to monitor.
So basically in LangGraph, we as developers,
we control the flow and we write what is the flow
and we can integrate an LLM to decide where to go
and what to execute in this flow and with cycles,
this is important.
And we represent this flow
with nodes and with edges.
So the LLM can use conditional branching
to decide where to go
and maybe to execute Node 1 or Node 2.
This is our state machine
and because we have a state machine, we need to have a state
and the state is something which is shared across the nodes
and across the edges.
And it's going to save all of our intermediate results
and it's going to give us useful information
and to the LLM, useful information
to decide where to go in that flow.

--- What are Graphs? ---

-: Hey there. Eden here.
And before we dive to LangGraph,
I wanted to cover two important theoretical concept
and terminologies we're going to be using constantly
in this course.
The first one is going to be graph, the data structure,
and the other is going to be state machine.
A graph is a mathematical object
that helps us represent relationships.
It consists of nodes, also known as vertices and edges
that connect those nodes.
Graph data structures are incredibly versatile
and they can be used in a wide range of applications
across different fields.
We can use graphs to describe social networks,
transportation maps between cities and roads
and routes between cities.
And what's cool about it is that in computer science
there is a lot of research on this data structures
and a lot of algorithms and property extraction
of those graphs that help us solve a lot of problems
in the real world.
Just as a side note, as a software engineer,
I used to work a lot with graph databases,
working for cybersecurity companies,
leveraging graphs to find and describe attack vectors
of cloud assets on public clouds like AWS, GCP, and Azure,
and also describe the connectivity
of those assets on those clouds.
To ask a question, is this web server internet-facing
and is it connecting into a database,
helping the cloud security posture management?
By the way, I'll leave in the videos resources,
a talk I gave about this topic in Minsk,
you know, Python Developer Meetup discussing this topic
in case this interests you.
And if we want to geek out a little bit,
we can see even the formal definition of a graph,
the mathematical definition where a graph G or V and E
comprised of V, a set of vertices and E, a set of edges
described with a pair X and Y
where X and Y belongs to the vertices set.
And in case you got worried, then this is the last time
we will see math in this course.
So, let's continue.
And a state machine on the other hand
is a model of computation where it consists of states
and transition between those states.
And by defining different states
and the rules for the transition between them,
then the states can manage complex conditions
and sequence in software systems.
And now you can notice that state machines
can be represented as graphs
where the states are nodes and the transitions are edges.
And this visualization helps us understanding
the flow of the state machines
and to manage their complexity.
And here enters LangGraph,
a powerful library built on top of LangChain.
And with LangGraph we can describe our flows
using those nodes and edges,
and we can build very powerful
and sophisticated agentic applications using it.
And we'll see in the course that we'll be describing
some very advanced and sophisticated agents,
and it will be very easy to write them
in LangGraph and to run them.
And that's it for this video.
I think it was important to have an alignment
of what's a graph and what's a state machine
before we dive into Flow Engineering and to LangGraph.

--- LangGraph & Flow Engineering ---

Eden: Let's discuss what's flow engineering,
which is a new idea that has recently been discussed
in the generative AI community.
Now I warn you in advance,
this is a very theoretical video
and the idea of flow engineering is pretty abstract
and not yet formalized to the end.
So I don't expect you
to understand everything in this video,
but I promise you, by the end of this course,
you'll know exactly what flow engineering is all about.
Flow engineering is a systematic and strategic approach
for developing software that will incorporate
AI-driven decision-making processes.
The essential goal of flow engineering
is to manage and optimize
how AI systems with LLMs handle tasks
by defining a clear flow or a sequence of operations.
These flows are not merely linear,
so they may involve complex decision-making nodes
where the AI may generate multiple outputs,
which are often assessed and refined in an iterative cycle.
Flow engineering is a structured process
in AI development systems which guides the AI
through a series of well-defined steps
in order to improve the output quality of the AI system.
Flow engineering aims to incorporate systematic planning
and testing phase
that mimic human development processes,
and all of this to enhance reliability
and functionality of AI-generated solutions.
One of the issues with AutoGPT
and other autonomous agents projects like BabyAGI,
they are long-term planning.
So they receive a goal, something to achieve,
and then they start breaking it down to tasks,
and then they start implementing and executing those tasks
and derive subtasks of those tasks and so on and so on.
And de facto, they aren't really working.
So the point here is that we as developers
want to give the instructions of what to do.
We don't want the AI to start going and creating
some imaginary attempts and start executing them.
This is highly prone for problems
and for the LLM to simply go out of hand.
We as developers want to tell the LLM exactly what to do.
We want to define the tasks and we want the LLM
to stay within the context of those tasks.
There are still decisions the LLM could make.
For example, determining if the output
is ready to be released
and if it's a good enough solution
or which step now to take.
However, we, as developers,
we define the scope and we do most of the planning
for the LLM
and the LLM can work within the flow that we have created.
We give the LLM the blueprints to follow.
And if we think about it as a state machine,
we, as developers, we write the states.
So we write what is the flow and what's need to be done,
and what steps do we have.
However, we can incorporate an LLM to decide
which flow to take based on the input it gets.
For example, whether to curate an answer
or to simply release it to the user.
And in the state machine
is whether to go to step i,
or maybe to i plus two, or whatever.
So the state machine is an engineering decision,
and no statistics is involved there.
And LangGraph in the context of flow engineering
is implementing this middle ground.
It's the intermediate between fully autonomous agents
that can decide what to do and how to do it
and the LangChain chain, which is fully deterministic
and there is no flexibility within this flow.
So with flow engineering,
we can achieve complex agentic solutions
which will require us to build a state machine
to define the steps of our flow.
And we can use an LLM to either be a part of the step,
for example, to make an LLM call to generate a tweet,
and it can also be something
that will tell us which steps to go to.
So we leverage the LLM to do stuff within a step
and we can leverage the LLM to decide which step to go.
But the point here is that we, as developers,
we define the flow and we have full control of it.
And in LangGraph we can define graphs,
and those are going to be nodes and edges,
and we can have cycles in them, and we can build,
and we'll do this in the course,
very advanced logic
that will give us a very complex AI system.
And this is an example of a graph
that is going to write a tweet,
but it's going to also reflect and critique this tweet
and do this in iterations
until we get a very nice Twitter post.
I believe that in the near future when we'll develop
AI software and generative AI software,
then the time we'll spend on the software
will distribute the following.
60% is going to go to flow engineering
and into architecture,
the state machine, the nodes of what steps can we make,
maybe we can incorporate an LLM within them
and maybe even the LLM can decide which step to do.
However, 35% will go to fine-tuning,
so to make the model very specific for the tasks
that we need to achieve.
And 5% will be dedicated to prompt engineering.
Alrighty.
So I know that this video was super abstract
and you probably didn't understand everything.
Don't worry.
I know this is a new topic and it's kind of ambiguous.
However, I promise you that by the end of this course,
you'll know exactly what flow engineering is
and you'll understand why it is so important
when we build those advanced agents
using flow engineering techniques.

--- LangGraph Core Components ---

Eden: Hey, there, Eden here.
And in this video, we're going to cover,
from the theoretical point of view,
the core components of LangGraph.
And this is super important
because right after this video, we're going
to start implementing project using those components.
Alright, so with LangGraph, we're going
to be implementing a well-defined control flow
or a state machine or a graph.
You can call it whatever you want.
But the basic idea here is that within this well-defined
and well scoped control flow, we're going
to be leveraging LLMs
and they're going to have a very crucial role.
So LLMs are either going to define in the control flow
where we're going to go next.
So this is going to be non-deterministic,
or we can even, in this control flow,
execute LLM calls or agent calls.
And to get started, we need three LangGraph core components:
nodes, edges, and conditional edges.
Nodes are literally python functions.
So you can put here any code you want.
This code can be deterministic code, regular Python code,
it can be Python code that calls an LLM,
or it can even be an LLM agent.
But you have full flexibility of what you want to do
inside the nodes.
Edges connect those nodes within the graphs execution
and conditional edges are helped to make decisions
whether to go to node A or to node B,
and this is dynamic and can be very, very flexible.
And this is the power of LangGraph.
So we have full control of how we're going
to navigate in this graph execution.
Cool. Two important built-in LangGraph nodes
are the start node and the end node.
And the start node is the entry point
for our graph execution.
So we're going to start from there
and the end node is going to be the last node
that is going to be executed.
And both of those nodes don't really do anything.
So you can think about them as no operation.
One of the most important concepts in LangGraph
is the state or the agent state.
And the state is simply a dictionary
that is going to have information
that is important for us to keep tracking the graph.
Maybe some nodes execution results,
maybe some temporary results or even our chat history.
It can be fairly simple like only storing the chat history,
so the results of the LLMs every time,
or it could be very complex
and we can customize it to anything we want.
It is local to the graph that is it is available
for every node to access within our graph's execution.
And it is also available on each edge and it can be local.
So within our graph execution in our runtime.
However, we can also persist it into persistent storage.
So if you want to stop for some reason, the flow execution
of the graph and we want to continue from that same point
with that given state, we can do it with persistence
and we're going to show you that in the course.
Alright, so remember that I told you
that every node in LangGraph is a function
and we can write there whatever we want.
This is still the case,
but nodes are special functions
that always receive as an input,
the current graph state, which is going
to have all the information that the node needs
in order to do its work.
And what this function returns the node function,
it's updating the state, so it always returns a dictionary
with the keys of what do we want to update in our state.
And the result of this is that in LangGraph,
every node is going to update the state.
So the state object is going to change over time
and the conditional edges and the edges
are going to rely on the states
whether to go to node A or to node B.
And this is how our software is going to look like.
So with these core components,
we can build very advanced things.
Alright, so more concepts that are important for the rest
of the course is, first, a cyclic graph.
So with LangGraph, we can also implement loops
and this is very powerful, which is something that
with LangChain was super hard to do,
and we're going to later discuss this in the course.
Also human in the loop.
So if we want to get human feedback
and this will decide where do we need to go
in the graph's execution, so to node A or to node B,
then this is also something
that LangGraph also helps us to easily implement.
And the last thing is persistence, which I mentioned it.
And LangGraph comes with very nice
and simple built-in functions
that will help us persist our state of the graph.
And this will help us also make our software more robust
and more fault-tolerant,
but also implement some very cool logic
that will show you in the course that is going to result us
with very nice user experience.

--- --------- [Hands On] Implementing ReAct AgentExecutor with LangGraph --------- ---

Hey there, Eden here.
And in this video we'll be reviewing what we'll be building.
Now we'll be implementing a react agent executor, but with Landgraab.
Now, the reason I chose this project, because it emphasizes how easy it is to use graph to describe
agent flows, and specifically the react agent, which was kind of hard to understand, but with graph
it would be super easy to implement.
We're also going to dive deep into graph state and how to implement a custom state.
And by the end of this video, we'll have a working agent executor using the react algorithm, but implemented
with graph.
And we can provide this agent executor with tools.
And we're going to be using the search tool and a custom tool that we're going to write.
And then the agent is going to execute the graph which has a loop.
And it's going to decide whether or not to use our tools or not.
And eventually is going to answer us.
So the question we're going to be asking is what's the weather in San Francisco?
And please multiply it by three.
This is the hello world example of agents.
but we're going to be implementing all of this in Landgraaf.
So a quick update here.
This is me one year later with a little bit of less hair and some more pounds that I've gained, and
Linkchain is going and leaning towards Landgraaf when it comes to building and implementing agents.
So I recently refilmed this entire section to leverage the latest versions of Landgraaf, leveraging
something which is called a tool node and leveraging function calling, which is going to make our agents
much more robust and much more trustworthy.
So I hope you will enjoy this section.
And an important side note in the Genii space, everything is built on top of each other and understanding
how they react.
Algorithm works with the react prompt.
The old way is, in my opinion, super, super important to know because once you understand the basics
and where everything comes from, everything else just makes sense.
And if you implemented the react executor from the previous section, everything now would be much easier
because you know better the concepts and you know the ideas and you know how everything evolves and
it gives you much deeper understanding of agents.

--- Quick Note: poetry vs uv ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]

--- [Hands On] Get Started: Setting Up Your ReAct Agent Project Environment ---

Hey there, Eden here.
And in this video we're going to do all of the boilerplate setup.
We're going to set up a virtual environment with poetry.
We're going to install all the dependencies.
We're going to fill out the env file with all the API keys that we need.
And after this video we'll be ready to implement our react graph graph.
So we have now an empty directory.
Let's go and initialize our poetry project with poetry init.
And let me go now and click enter for everything.
All right so we have a poetry project.
Let's go and add a new file here.
Let's call it.
Gitignore.
And here I'm simply going to paste here a standard Python.
Gitignore file.
And what's important to me here is that it won't add into GitHub any env files.
So I won't expose in GitHub any API keys.
And you can take the content of the.
Gitignore file from the repository or from the videos resources where I'm going to attach the content
of this file.
All right.
So let's go now and install the packages that we need.
Of course we want to install link chain.
We want link chain OpenAI.
We want link chain Tahvili for search.
We want to install Lang graph.
And we want to install Python env to load the environment variables.
And let's also install black and eishort for some formatting that we'll do after we finish coding everything.
So right now we're installing all the dependencies and all the packages that we need.
And we'll be implementing everything with link graph.
All right so we finished installing everything.
Let's go and check our project.toml file.
And we can see all of the dependencies installed.
And let's go and create now a dot env file.
And let me paste in all the environment variables that we will need for this project.
And don't worry about me exposing my API keys.
I revoked them before I published this video.
Let's quickly review the content here.
So we want to use the OpenAI API key.
So we'll be able to create LLM calls.
And to use the OpenAI Llms we want to enable link chain tracing.
And for that we'll be needing to put the link chain API key.
And we want to enable link chain tracing v2 equals to true.
And I'll call the project react function calling.
So all those values over here is to enable tracing for our graph graph and for the API calls we make
to OpenAI.
And lastly we also want to add API key to use the search API.
Cool.
Let's go now and create a new file.
Let's call this file Main.py.
And this is where we're going to run everything from our project.
And let's write if name equals main.
And let's go print something like hello react lang graph with function calling.
All right, let me print this just as a sanity check.
And I want now to import from dot env.
I want to import load dot env and to load the environment variables.
And here we simply printed the OpenAI API key just as a sanity check to see that we loaded the correct
values.
So let's go and let's try to run this.
And we can see now the value of the API key.
So this is working as expected.
And we can remove this now from the code.
Alrighty.
So let's now go and create two files here.
So I want to create a file called react.py.
And this file is going to be holding our reasoning engine.
And let's also create a node.py file.
And this file is going to have and hold the implementation of our graph nodes.
And in the following videos we're going to implement this.
Great.
So this is pretty much it for this video.
Right now I am going to commit those changes.
So you can see this available code.
And you can clone it if you want.
And you can have it as a reference.
Let me write git add and let's see all the files that we created.
So let me go now and commit those changes and we'll call it Project Setup.
And let's go and push it into our repository.
Alrighty.
And if you want to check it out you can go to the repository.
And here in the branches go and select the branch project slash react async function calling.
And here you can see in go to the commit list.
And you'll have this commit that you're seeing right now which has the implementation for everything
we did in this video.

--- [Hands On] Coding the Agent's Brain: Implementing the ReAct Runnable ---

So in this video we're going to implement the react py file.
And this is going to hold all the reasoning logic which we're going to use in our graph.
So the TLDR for this is that we're going to use an average function calling that is going to be the
reasoning engine which decides which tool to call.
Let's start with the imports and lets me import from env the load function so I can load the environment
variables and all the API keys I want to import from link chain core.
I want to import the tool decorator.
So this will help us to create a tool from our functions that we define.
I want to also import from link chain OpenAI the chat OpenAI.
So we can make LLM calls to GPT.
We want to import from link chain Tavileh the search object which is a pre-made search tool.
So we can use and plug it in to our llms to our agent.
And now let's go and load our environment variables.
And this is time to begin the coding.
And we want now to implement the tools.
So for this example we'll be implementing the triple tool which is a function which takes in as an input
an integer a float.
And it's going to return us this float triple.
Now notice here all that I'm doing is writing the prefix here of the function.
And I'm going to be auto completed by cursor.
This is simply, by the way, mind blowing how coding has changed over the years.
And with LMS how easy it is, um, and how convenient it is to to implement those kind of things.
So we can see here an example implementation.
Let me remove this unnecessary code here.
And we have here the triple function we have here the description of this function which is going to
be propagated eventually to the LM.
And the LM is going to decide whether to use this function or not.
Anyways so this is the triple function.
Now if we want to turn it into a link chain tool, All we need to do is to use the decorator of tool
here that we imported, and we get a link chain tool that we can plug in.
Alrighty.
So now we want to equip our agent with not just the triple tool, but we also want to give it the search
tool as a tool that it can use.
So in order to do that let's define a new variable.
It's called tools.
And tools is going to be a list which is going to be an object of the search prebuilt tool and the triple
tool that we just implemented.
So the first element of this list is this object of this class that we search initialized with the max
results equals to one.
So in this example we're simply limiting the search to fetches only one search result.
And by the way this search tool has already the description prebuilt in case you were wondering.
So the package maintainers implemented the search description.
And this is going to be propagated eventually to the LM.
And the second element of that list is the triple tool.
All right.
So now we want to tell the LM somehow that it has access to this kind of tools.
All right.
So now I want to discuss the reasoning capabilities of Dlrm.
So how does the LM decide which tool to call.
So by now it should be familiar with the algorithm and the react prompt.
And this is a very fancy prompt that is a derivative from the react paper which is helping to leverage
the reasoning capabilities of the LM.
So this is how everything started.
And in the early days of agents this is how it was used.
People used this special prompt in order to leverage Llms to decide which tool to call.
And by now things have evolved and we have better ways to do things which, by the way, all derive
from this very special prompt.
What I am referring to right now is function calling, and function calling is a feature in most modern
llms today that allow us to give the LLM when we initialize it, the definition and the instructions
and the details of the tools that we want to give.
The LLM and the LLM is going to return us in the response, whether we need to call those functions
with which arguments if it needs to.
And I elaborate on function calling in this course, in this video and in this video, and we are actually
not exposed to the implementation of function calling in LLM vendors.
So each LLM vendor has its own way of doing things.
The implementation is probably a special system prompt, which is similar to the react prompt and helps
the LLM to decide whether it needs to choose a tool or not, and returns the answer in the correct format.
However, now the LLM vendor is responsible to parse the the LLM response and to arrange everything
nicely in the response we're getting and putting the function call in the function call key in the response
from the LLM.
And again, don't worry if you don't understand this in full.
All you should know and all you should take right over here that this is the modern way to choose tools.
And if we're going to use function calling, we're basically offloading the task of choosing the correct
tool to the LLM vendor.
And we don't need to handle this parsing like we did from before, because the LLM does it for us.
So for us, it's a very big win because it's less code that we need to write.
And actually the results and the performance of this is only improving over time because all the LLM
vendors, they have dedicated engineers that are defining this and are making sure that we get quality
results and the correct tools to be called and the correct arguments.
All right.
So right now we want to implement the reasoning capabilities of our agent.
And unlike we did before, we're not going to use the react prompt.
We have something which is better and this is function calling.
So we're going to initialize an LM that supports function calling.
And we're going to give that LM the tools that we defined.
Now the search tool and the triple tool both are link chain tools which have the descriptions of which
arguments do they receive.
So I'm going to initialize a chat open AI.
And I'm going to use the bind tools method and supply the tools that we already wrote.
And link chain is going to take the tool descriptions and it's going to send that to the LM.
Every request that we're going to make.
So the LM can now return us this function call or tool calling field with the correct function to be
called.
And we don't need to handle any parsing because the LM vendor handles the parsing for us.
And if there is a function call we get it in a special key in the response.
And for more information about the implementations of function calling, please check out those videos
over here.
Cool.
So this is it for this video.
And I want to run this, um, script right over here.
Let's see that everything runs even though we're not running anything right now, just to see we don't
get an error and we can see it's working.
And let me go and commit the code where you can find it.
So let me write git add.
And we have here this file that was added right now.
So let's go and commit it.
And I'll call the commit function calling reasoning.
And let me push it.
And let me show you the repo.
And if you'll go to the commits you can see you have this commit right over here where you can see the
code.
And in the next video we're going to implement our lane graph nodes.
And those are the executables which are going to run during our execution.

--- [Hands On] 43. Building Blocks: Defining Your Agent's Nodes in LangGraph ---

All right.
Let's go to notes and let's go and import from env the load env function.
And now let's go and import the primitives from graph.
So we want to import from graph.
Graph.
We want to import the messages state.
And this is a simple object which has the dictionary of the key messages.
And that messages is going to be a list of messages.
So this is going to keep track on the state on all of the messages back in between our agent.
So the human message and the AI message.
All right.
So now we want to import from graph prebuilt a prebuilt node which is called tool node.
And this is a node.
And I elaborate on this in the graph course which is going to execute tools.
So it's going to check the last message between the agent and human.
And if that last message is an I message that has a valid tool call, it's going to go and execute that
tool code, assuming that tools is initiated with the tool node object.
So if the agent decides to execute a search or decides to run the triple function, then those are going
to run inside this tool node.
And it will all be clear when we'll use it in action.
All right.
So we want to import from react the LM with the tool calls that we binded to and the list of tools that
we defined in the react py file.
All right.
Let's load the environment variables.
And let's implement now the reasoning engine of our agent.
So basically it's going to be a node where the agent is going to receive our message.
And it's going to decide whether it can answer it.
Or it needs to invoke a tool.
And it's going to arrange all the arguments for that too.
So for that, we'll define a system message.
And here we'll give the very generic system message of you are a helpful assistant with access to tools
and that you can use to answer the question.
And now let's go and define the first node which is going to be the agent reasoning node.
So it's going to receive the state which is a message state which is a dictionary that has the key of
messages.
And here all that we're going to do is simply make an LM call with the user input.
And the LM call is going to do all of the heavy lifting because the LM is binded with the tools.
And we're going to leverage function calling here.
So we're going to invoke the LM and the invocation.
We're simply going to put here the role of a system.
We're going to put the system message.
And then we're going to put all of the messages that we have.
So in the first iteration, we're going to have only the human message.
In the second iteration, we're going to have also the human message and the response and so on and
so on.
So all the information is going to be in the messages state over here.
So I'm going to access the messages key in the state.
And right now I'm accessing it as a Python property.
But let me go and change it soon to access a dictionary key instead just to be on the safe side.
And this is going to send the human message.
It's going to send it back to the LM.
And then the LM decides whether we need to use a function call and execute a function, or it decides
that it can output the answer.
So after the node runs, we need to update our state.
And if we'll return a dictionary with the key of messages and return here a list.
And that list is going to have the response from the LM.
So this is going to be the AI message here then is going to append this value to our state in the messages
key.
So the key has all the messages so far.
And this node is going to update it.
And it's going to add another message here.
So we're done with the reasoning node.
And we also need to define the node with the relevant tools.
So this is going to help Landgraf execute the tools that we need.
So let me define a variable called tool node.
And it's going to be object of the class tool node from Landgraf prebuilt.
And we're going to provide it with the tools that we defined the search and the multiply tools which
are both link chain tools.
So this node over here does a lot of heavy lifting.
It can run tools in parallel, can run them in streaming mode.
And it has a lot of cool functionality.
But right now we're going to use the vanilla version.
And by the way, I go deep into the implementations of this in my course.
And before we had this object, it was actually a lot of boilerplate code to write just to run the tools
in our graph.
All right, let me go and commit now all the changes.
And let me add this notepad file and I'll call this commit notes.
Let me push it to the repo.
And if you want you can go to the repository.
Go to the notes commit.
And here you have the code that we just wrote right.
So we finished implementing the graph nodes.
And we didn't implement a lot because we used a lot of language primitives, which saves us a lot of
boilerplate code to run.
And we are using the function calling features of LM methods.
So the LM is going to do the reasoning for us.
We don't really need to do anything here.
We don't need to write a special prompt.
We don't need to do any of this.
And in the next video we're going to stitch everything together and implement our graph.

--- [Hands On] Bringing Your ReAct Agent to Life: Connecting Nodes into a Graph ---

Cool.
So let me go to Main.py.
And here we're going to implement our Landgraaf react graph.
And we'll start from the imports.
Let's start by first importing from LinkedIn core.
Let's import the human message.
And this is the input.
We're going to start our graph to run with.
Now I want to import from Landgraaf.
I want to import the messages date object like we had from before, which is going to hold all of our
messages.
And I want to also import something which is called a state graph.
And this is the most generic graph we can have.
And it can receive any state object that we want to give it.
And this is how we're going to initialize our graph.
And when we'll initialize our graph it will be much clearer later in this video.
All right let's go and continue.
And let's go and import our nodes.
I want the run agent reasoning node and the tool node.
And now we are done with the imports.
Ports.
So I want to start by defining some constants.
And let's go and define the constant of agent reasoning.
We'll call it agent reason.
And let's define act as the string act.
And this is simply to have cleaner code.
So we won't need to rewrite those strings every time that we want to use them.
And lastly let's create a new const which is called last which is going to be minus one.
And this is for future when we're going to reference the last message between the user and the agent.
And the last message is going to be at the minus one index.
So this is some Python notation.
And again this is simply for more readability when we write the code.
So the code is a bit cleaner.
Cool.
So now it's time to finally implement our graph.
Now let's define a new state graph object.
Like we are auto populated here.
And we want to give it the message graph.
So we're going to call it flow instead of graph.
And let's go and do that.
And now we want to add the nodes like we're autocompleted.
So we want to add the node of agent reason and the node of act.
And notice how we're using those constants here.
And by the way right over here cursor auto completed me this edge from start to agent reason which is
correct.
But I want to define it in another way.
So let me go to the line where we define the agent reason node and one line below it.
Let me write flow dot set entry point.
And I'm going to set it to Agent Reason.
And this is how I personally like to define this edge.
It defines an edge from the starting node and going to the agent reason node.
Anyways let me go and remove this.
And now let's go and add some edges.
Let's add the conditional edge from the agent reason node to the node and to the unknown depending of
a certain functionality that we write.
So I'm going to decide this functionality should continue function which will implement later.
And the third argument is going to be a dictionary of mapping between the string end to end from the
string act to act.
And this mapping over here really tells Landgraf that whatever comes from the should continue function,
which is going to be some kind of string.
And we're going to return from that function the answering or the x ring.
Then we want to map it to go to the end node or to the node with the name of act.
So this is going to help us draw those dotted lines over here in the graph itself.
And if we didn't write this mapping the graph would still run as we want to.
But the drawing wouldn't be that explicit.
So this really helps with drawing what we see over here.
It defines which nodes can come after the agent reason node, and this is the node and the end node.
Alrighty, let's go and implement.
This should continue function.
So let me go up a bit in the code.
And let's go and put it right above here.
And this function should continue is going to receive the state of the graph which is going to be a
message state.
And it's going to return us the string, which is going to annotate the node that should run after the
agent reason node.
So how we're going to decide we're going to check the messages.
And if the last message and this is the usage of the constant here.
So if the last message is going to be a tool call then we want to go to the node.
And if not we want to go to end.
Because if the last message is a tool call.
So this means that the LM, the reasoning engine, decided that we need to invoke a tool and it has
all the information of the arguments.
Then we want to go and execute the tool node which will execute that tool.
And if there isn't a tool call, then we simply want to end everything.
Because this is a heuristic that the LM was able to answer the question with or without a tool invocation.
All right.
So we finished implementing those dotted lines over here in the graph.
Now let's go and define the edge from act to agent reason.
Because after we invoke the tool we want the agent to reason and to figure out whether it needs to return
the answer or to run another tool call.
And that's pretty much it for the graph.
So we defined the nodes, the entry point, the edges between the nodes.
And now we want to compile the graph.
And let's go and print it and see that we get the same drawing that I'm showing you in the video.
And for that we'll use the get graph and then draw Mermod pg function, which will print it and display
it.
And in the output file here which we're going to call flow PNG.
Let's wait for it to run and we can see we get here an error.
It seems that we cannot import messages.
State message states here.
And this is because I'm missing here an S.
This is something a cursor made a mistake.
So let me go and fix it and let's go and rerun it.
And we can see we forgot to update the rest of the code to use messages state instead of message state.
So let me copy that and let me put it over here.
And we should also do it in the should continue function.
So let me go and fix it as well.
Yeah.
Let me run it again.
Now boom.
So let's check out now the drawing of the graph.
And we can see this is the graph that I showed you during this video.
Awesome.
So in the next video we're going to test everything.
And we're going to review the traces.
And we're going to see exactly how everything is working.

--- [Hands On] Running Our LangGraph React Agent with Function Calling ---

All right.
So now we want to invoke the graph.
So let's write app dot invoke.
And let's give it the input.
The input is going to be a dictionary with the messages key.
And this is going to be a list of human messages in the content here is going to be for example what
is the weather in Tokyo.
List it and then triple it.
And because we need here some real time information here, we're expecting that the agent will first
deduce that it needs to call the search tool to search for the weather in Tokyo.
And then after we get this result, it needs to invoke another tool, the triple tool.
So after it invokes both tools, it will be able to answer the question.
So this is what we're expecting here.
So let's go now and let's print the result and let's go.
And we want to take the last message and to take the content.
Let me change the index here to last the const.
And this should run.
And let's see what happens here.
We're still waiting for our result.
So far it looks like it's running and boom!
Let's take a look at the output here.
So this is the current weather in Tokyo.
It listed a bunch of metrics and then it took the humidity which is 69.
And it multiplied it by three which is 207.
So I wasn't that explicit.
So let me write what is the temperature in Tokyo listed.
And then triple it.
Let's see what we get there.
So it's still running.
Notice it runs a bit long because it makes a bunch of tool calls.
So it first needs to reason which is an LM call.
Then it needs to call the tool.
Then it needs to reason again.
And we got here.
The current temperature in Tokyo is 15 Celsius and triple it giving 45.
So the line graph agent is working as expected now.
And I think now in order to understand a bit more about what's happening with the flow, let's go and
open Langschmidt and let's check out the traces of the graph execution, and let's see the nodes execution.
And the tool calls to really see it with our eyes.
So I'll go here to the react function calling project.
And you see we have here two traces.
Let me go and open the second one.
So here we see something actually very interesting.
Right from the get go we see that the search tool was called twice.
And maybe we should expect it to be called once.
But for my experience, this kind of behavior is actually quite regular because because this is a search
result, then sometimes we don't get the right result.
And sometimes the information that we find online is not enough.
So in that case, the agent is smart enough to detect it and to run the tool again until it gets the
answer.
And by the way, from my experience, a technique if you want to save those tool calls For example,
in the cavity search tool we can add an argument of max results.
So this is the number of results that will return us.
So we can configure it to not be only one result but to be five results for example.
And then one of those results for sure is going to have the answer that we want.
I mean that's the heuristic.
It's not for sure, but it's a heuristic.
So let's go and check out the trace one by one from the beginning.
Let's go and check out the agent node here.
The agent reason.
So we can see now that we have here um our system message.
And we supplied both tools here.
And we see we got the answer that we should invoke the search tool here.
And we should invoke the search tool with the current temperature in Tokyo.
So let's go and check out now the second node we should continue.
So the should continue is actually not a node.
It's the conditional edge function.
And right over here we can see that this is the input it gets.
It checks the last message which is going to be an AI tool call.
And besides it should go to the Act node.
So then the graph goes to execute the node where it invokes then executes the search function.
So we can see it right over here.
And the input is the current temperature in Tokyo.
And here we got the result here.
And notice that in this search query the content that we get doesn't really contain the temperature
in Tokyo.
So and this is really a non-helpful search result.
So what happens then because we have an edge from the node to the agent region.
We're then going to give the agent this result of this tool.
And it's going to figure out whether it can return the answer or it needs to do something else.
So we can see here we are giving also the tool result to the reasoning engine to the reasoning node.
And then it decides that it needs to run another search with the current temperature in Tokyo.
And this time we can see we have here an included domain here.
So we can see here that after it goes to, the should continue conditional edge, and it decides that
it needs now to go and do the Act node.
Let me go and open that.
You can see it's right over here.
Act and let's go now to the second search result.
Let's go for that.
All right.
So here we can see that in the content of the search query we have that we have 15°C which is much better
than before.
So now we need to go to the node.
And now the agent reason is going to have the valid search here.
And we can see now that it decides that it should call the triple function with the input num to be
15, which is extracted from the previous tool call.
So this is exactly what we wanted to happen.
It then goes and executes the triple tool in the tool node.
So it's going to receive the input of 15.
Then the result is going to be 45.
And I'm not going to go over it.
It's pretty trivial.
And I'm attaching to this video's resources, this trace, which I'm going to make public.
Right.
So at the end, the final node that is going to be execute is going to be the agent reason.
And then it decides that it doesn't need to do anything right now.
So it should finish.
All right.
So let me go and let me go and commit this code here.
So let me add the files and let me commit now and let me call this commit graph.
Going to push it to the repo.
And you can find the code for this section.
Let me go here.
So this is the graph commit with all the code that we just wrote.
I hope you enjoyed this section.
And the entire goal of this section was to show you how easy it is to implement the react agent with
graph.
So not only are you using graph here, but we leverage function calling.
And this actually gives us a lot of stability and better performance for our react agent.

--- [IMPORTANT] Building Modern LLM Agents: From History to LangGraph v1.0 ---

1
Hey there, Eden here,
2
and I want to have a recap on what we did
3
so far in the course when it comes to agents.
4
And by now, I really hope that the ReAct algorithm
5
architecture and implementation
6
and everything around it is crystal clear.
7
And I'm hoping that if I'm going to wake you up at night
8
and ask you, "What's the flow of the ReAct algorithm?"
9
then you'll be able to sing it.
10
And I'll have a really quick recap.
11
We send the query to the ReAct agent,
12
the large language model then ponders
13
and thinks and decides which tool to call.
14
Then we go and execute that tool
15
and then we go and do that until we get a final answer
16
until there are no more tools to invoke.
17
All right, so let's go back to the diagram
18
that I showed you earlier in the course
19
about the evolution of ReAct agents.
20
So it all started with the ReAct paper
21
and the ReAct prompt,
22
where we used the LLM as a reasoning engine
23
and then LangChain implemented some fancy parsing
24
in order to extract which tools to execute.
25
Okay, so this was the very beginning.
26
And this implementation was super impressive,
27
but it wasn't that reliable
28
so we couldn't really use this in production
29
because the models weren't that strong by that time
30
and it was really hard to parse the output.
31
Because the models weren't that reliable,
32
then parsing the output was really hard.
33
It was really non-deterministic
34
so we really didn't have control
35
about which token the LLM is going to generate.
36
And because of that, it's enough that the LLM
37
is going to generate one wrong token,
38
and it can cause and mess up all the output parsing.
39
And then LLMs became a bit better
40
and function calling came out,
41
and function calling normalized this process
42
of making the LLM behave as a reasoning engine
43
and suddenly we don't need this ReAct prompt anymore,
44
we can rely on the vendors
45
and the model's function calling capabilities,
46
and the model is going to return which function to call,
47
and it's going to do a very good job doing it.
48
And the function to call,
49
it's going to specify it
50
in a very special place in the request.
51
So we do not need this special ReAct prompt anymore
52
and this weird output parsing that we did,
53
which was really hard but not that reliable.
54
So now we shift everything to the vendor,
55
the vendor now is responsible to do that,
56
and we get the information
57
about which function to call in the LLM's response.
58
Now, we solved an earlier problem of this output parsing,
59
which was not reliable,
60
but we introduced now a new problem
61
because every vendor did what they want,
62
and the information about which function to call
63
was placed differently in different places.
64
So one called it function calling,
65
the other tool calling,
66
it was in different parts of the response.
67
So what LangChain did is create one single interface
68
that is going to be called the tool calling interface,
69
and it implemented all of the integrations to the vendor.
70
So now we have only one interface of tool calling,
71
and it's going to get all of the functions to call
72
and the information about it
73
and it's going to work for every vendor.
74
So this was very useful.
75
Now, when LangGraph came out,
76
it had a completely different architectural approach.
77
So instead of having a function-based agent loop,
78
which was really a while loop abstracted
79
with the agent executor class of LangChain.
80
So there wasn't much flexibility
81
and there wasn't much visibility
82
or any way to control this loop here.
83
So then LangGraph came out,
84
and LangGraph modeled agents as graphs.
85
So they had nodes, they had edges,
86
and they had between the nodes a shared state.
87
So the LangGraph ReAct agent had three components.
88
It had the state, which was a dictionary
89
that maintained the conversation,
90
maybe some intermediate results,
91
and nodes are simple Python functions
92
that are receiving the state,
93
perform the computation,
94
like maybe to call the LLM or to execute the tool,
95
and then they return an updated state.
96
And the edges, they define the control flow.
97
And by the way, the great motivation for LangGraph
98
is that LangChain really saw that in every paper
99
in almost every time you describe an agent,
100
you actually describe a graph with nodes and with edges.
101
So this architecture change really helped
102
to unhide the control flow
103
because now we have an explicit graph structure
104
that we can even print and show us a picture,
105
and it's really hard to understand what's happening
106
and what's being executed.
107
Now, if we wanted in the old agent executor
108
to have some kind of state,
109
it was really hard to do
110
and we had to do it with keyword arguments
111
with a config object,
112
and it was actually very hard to do.
113
But with LangGraph and the state schema
114
is actually very easy to do.
115
We simply defined in the state
116
what is the field we want to keep track of.
117
So if we wanted to know what's happening
118
with our agent execution
119
in the agent executor original version,
120
we really didn't have a way to do it.
121
So we didn't have a way to monitor and to trace
122
and to keep track of what's happening.
123
But with LangGraph, we have automatic checkpoints.
124
So every time before we execute a node,
125
LangChain is going to persist the state
126
and we can have access to that
127
so we can see exactly what happened and when.
128
And we can even rewind
129
and we can travel back in time
130
and it gives us much greater flexibility.
131
Now, the biggest thing that LangGraph unlocked
132
is the fact that we can now compose graphs,
133
which are agents, one inside another.
134
So we can actually use a LangGraph graph
135
as a LangGraph node,
136
and this is very convenient for us.
137
And it comes out-of-the-box tracing
138
and all of the benefits that LangGraph gives us.
139
And this is something which was very hard to do
140
with the original agent executor.
141
So this LangGraph agent was built
142
under the LangGraph library,
143
under the graph prebuilt agents
144
and lived there for a while.
145
We actually implemented a very similar version ourselves
146
in this section.
147
And then LangChain and LangGraph reached version 1.0
148
and it brought a cleaner API service
149
with the new create_agent function,
150
and LangChain then deprecated
151
and replaced the Create ReAct agent
152
and the LangGraph prebuilt agent
153
and simply put everything under this create_agent function,
154
which returns a compiled graph,
155
which is LangGraph under the hood,
156
but with a simple interface for people to use it.
157
And in this interface,
158
we can simply give it to the models and the tools,
159
and boom, we get a ReAct agent which is ready to go,
160
which has all of the goodies that LangGraph can offer us
161
with observability, with debugging.
162
And it also has more flexibility
163
because we can actually go and customize it ourselves.
164
All righty, so I hope you enjoyed this video,
165
and I hope you enjoyed the flow of learning
166
in general of LangChain agents.
167
And I think it's really, really important
168
to know how everything started.
169
And that you now know, of course,
170
how to use LangChain create_agent,
171
but you know exactly how it's implemented under the hood.
172
And for you, it's not magic,
173
you know exactly how it's implemented.
174
And in fact, this interface is just an easier way
175
for you to use it.
176
And it's really the foundation for modern LLM agents
177
and deep agents,
178
which I hope to cover in the course.

--- What are we building? A Reflection Agent ---

Let's discuss what we're going to be building in this section.
So we're going to be diving into the fascinating world of reflection agents.
And reflection agents are powerful tools that are used to enhance the quality and success rate of AI
systems.
They prompt an LLM to reflect on its past actions, allowing it to learn and improve over time.
Now let's explore this project.
Reflection agent.
The reflection agent is going to help us revise Twitter posts, and we're going to use an example,
a Twitter post I've written a while ago about LinkedIn.
And the reflection agent is going to help us iterate and make our tweet better.
It's going to take the original tweet, and it's going to give us critique with a reflection step.
It's going to give us this feedback and criticize our Twitter post.
Then we're going to take this feedback and feed it back to an LLM again and ask it to revise it.
So we have revision number one.
After the feedback.
Then we're going to continue and iterate through this process again and again and again until we finally
get a Twitter post that is decent and hopefully would go viral.
Now, how long is this going to take us?
Not much, because it's going to be less than 100 lines of code, because line graph is going to do
a lot of heavy lifting for us.

--- Creating the Reflector Chain and the Tweet Reviosr Chain ---

Hey there.
Eden here.
And in this video, we'll be implementing the chains that will run in our graph.
So we'll be implementing the generation chain which is going to be responsible to generate and revise
our tweets until it's better and better again.
And we're going to be implementing the reflection chain.
So that chain is going to take our tweet.
And it's going to give us feedback on it.
It's going to critique it.
And it's going to give us suggestions on how to make it better and better.
And every iteration of our cycle in our graph, we're going to be feeding this critique into our generation
chain.
And we're going to be revising the prompt.
So first, before we build the graph we need to build the components that will run inside it.
So let's go and write some code.
Now it's time to create a new file and we'll call it chains.
So this file will hold all of our prompts and chains that we're going to be using in our graph graph.
So let's start with the imports.
So we'll first import chat prompt template and messages placeholder.
Just a reminder the chat prompt template is going to hold our content that we either sent to the LLM
as humans, or that we receive back from the LLM as an answer that is tagged as an AI.
And the second class is the messages placeholder, which is going to give us flexibility to put here
a placeholder for future messages that we're going to get.
The second import is going to be chat open AI.
Alrighty.
So now it's time to write our prompts and chains.
The first prompt we're going to write is going to be called the reflection prompt in our agent architecture.
Then this prompt is supposed to act as our critique.
So it's going to review the output.
And in this case is a Twitter post and it's going to criticize it.
So it's going to say how it can be better and a suggestion to improve it.
And let's have a look.
So we have here a system message.
And you can really tell the following.
You're a viral Twitter influencer.
Creating a tweet.
Generate critique and recommendation for the user's tweet.
Always provide detailed recommendations including requests for length, virality, style, etc..
Now we want to put here a placeholder for other messages.
And those are going to be the history messages that our agent is going to invoke and to criticize and
get recommendations over and over again.
So here you can see that we put a messages placeholder and the variable name is going to be messages.
So when we initialize the reflection point we're going to plug in to this prompt in the messages.
And it's going to contain a lot of messages of our history.
So this was the reflection prompt.
Now we're going to be writing the generation prompt.
And in our agent architecture, the generation prompt is going to generate the tweets that are going
to be revised over and over again after the feedback we get from the reflection prompt.
So it's going to revise the tweet until it gets the perfect tweet.
So let's paste this baby and review it.
And this is the message is the following.
You are a Twitter techie influencer assistant tasked with writing excellent Twitter posts.
Generate the best Twitter posts possible for the user's request.
If the user provides critique, respond with a revised version of your previous attempts And this is
going to be our generation prompt or creator prompt.
You can name it however you like, but it's a goal over here is to revise the tweet for it to be perfect
based on the feedback it gets.
And we also want to put here a placeholder for all the reflections and revisions that we had earlier.
So it's going to be with the messages placeholder with the key of messages that we're going to plug
in.
All right.
So let's go now and create our chains.
So for that we need to initialize an LM.
And this initialization will default to use GPT 3.5 turbo.
And let's create now two simple chains.
And we'll be using the link chain expression language for that.
So the first chain is going to be the generation chain.
And we're simply going to pipe the generation prompt into the LM.
And the second chain is going to be our reflection chain.
And we're going to pipe it into the LM as well.
So that's pretty much it for this video.
And in the next video we'll be implementing finally our land graph.
Graph.

--- Defining our LangGraph Graph ---

So after defining our chains, we want to define our nodes.
And those nodes are going to execute those chains.
And we want to connect those nodes and to connect the execution flow with edges.
So this is what we're going to be building this diagram over here which is going to be our workflow.
So it's going to start with the generate node which is going to run the generation chain on the input.
Then we're going to decide whether we want to finish or we want to go and reflect.
Then we're going to take the output of generation chain.
And we're going to reflect.
And we're going to run the reflection chain.
And then we're going to take the output of the reflection node.
And we want then regenerate the output here.
And we want to go through this loop until we meet a certain condition.
And to do that we'll be implementing everything with graph.
So line graph is going to describe our execution flow.
So in this video we're going to implement the nodes.
We're going to define the state that the graph is going to be working on.
So every node is going to have access to the state.
And this is going to be its input.
And when it's finished executing it's going to update the state here.
Now our state in this case is going to be simply a list of messages where we are going to continue to
append to this list here.
All right.
So now let's go to the code and let's go and implement everything.
Now before I move to the IDE, I just want to give you a heads up I'm going to be using now cursor because
this video was actually refilmed to match the latest versions of Link graph 1.0.
So all the code is the same, just the IDE is different now, so don't freak out.
So let's start with the imports and I'll first want to import, type dict and annotate it.
Did so.
Type dict is a type dictionary which creates a structured dictionary with hints for the keys, and we're
going to be using it when we'll define our state schema.
Now we need this because lang graph would require typed state definitions to know which data flows through
and out of the graph.
Annotated is going to help us add metadata to those type hints.
We also want to import from linked chain the base message, which is the abstract base class for all
message types in link chain, and we're going to be using it as a type hint for the messages list.
That is going to be in our state schema, which we're going to see very, very soon.
And this is going to ensure safety for different message types, whether it's a human message, an AI
message, or a system message.
So we also want to import the human message to represent a message from a user.
And we want this because for specific messages, we want to make a distinguish between the user content
from the AI responses.
So now we want to import from graph the end which is a special constant to mark the graph termination.
So this is the ending node of the graph.
So there is also the state graph.
And this is the main class for building stateful graph graphs.
And when we'll create our workflow which is going to describe the execution of the nodes and edges of
our software of our authentic software, then we need to provide it with a state.
And the state is simply going to be a data structure, usually dictionary or a pedantic class, which
is going to be maintained through the entire execution, and it's going to hold the information of the
execution.
We can store their intermediate results, LLM responses, and basically everything we can think of,
we can store there.
It's very flexible, and every node that is going to run is going to have access to this state.
So it's the input for every node and every node that is going to do some work.
It's going to then update our state.
And I'm knowing very abstract right now.
It will be all clear when we implement this graph in this video.
All right I also want to import this add message method here.
Now this is a link graph reducer function.
Let me show you the implementation here.
And the entire goal of this function is to ensure new messages are appended to the existing conversation
history instead of replacing it.
So all this function is doing is simply appending to a list here, and this is how it's going to be
updating the state.
Now, I know this is super, super abstract right now, but I promise you, when we'll see the execution,
everything will be clear here.
All right.
Let's go back to our main code here.
And I want to import from the chains file that we wrote earlier, the generate chain and the reflect
chain.
So those are the chains which are going to be nodes in our graph.
So every node in the graph is going to run a different chain here.
Cool.
So I want now to run as a sanity check this file here just to make sure nothing breaks.
And we can see it's working.
Let's go back now to our main file.
And now I want to implement the state.
So I want to define the schema a of the state of our graph.
And this is the data structure that every node in our graph is going to have access to.
So I'm going to call it message graph.
And I'm going to inherit from type dict.
And this class is going to have only one attribute one key.
And it's going to be messages.
And we want to keep updating these messages key after every iteration after every node execution in
our graph.
So we want to keep appending to this list because every execution is going to generate a message from
the AI.
And we want to go and append and append and append it right.
So this is the goal of this state here.
Simply a data structure to hold all of those list of messages here.
So this is what you need to keep in mind.
And messages is going to be a type of list of base message objects.
And the annotation of add messages.
Here is metadata that will tell Landgraf how to handle state updates.
So once we write it like this, then Landgraf will know that when it's going to change the state and
update it.
So instead of updating a dictionary like replacing the key, it will go and append new items to the
value of that key here.
And this is because of our add messages reducer here.
So the reducer by the way is a general terminology in graph.
How do we want to update the state here.
And we can put here any function that we want as long as it adheres to the reducer interface.
And we have total flexibility of how to do it.
And this is one of Landgraf's key advantages when it comes to flexibility.
Cool.
So let me now define two cons.
One is going to be reflect and the other is going to be generate.
And those are going to be the name of our nodes here.
Alrighty.
And now let's go and implement the first node.
And the first node is going to be called the generation node.
The input for this node is going to be the state which is type of message graph.
And I remind you this is only holding all the messages that we have generated so far.
And the first message is going to be the user input here.
And after it every message is going to be an AI message.
And this node is simply going to run the generation chain, which we remember from the previous video,
and it's going to invoke it with all the messages that we have so far.
So in the first iteration, when we execute the generation node, it will have only the user input.
So it will generate the tweet.
And in following and consecutive iteration it's going to have the critique as well.
So this is how it's going to be working here.
And the fact that we are doing it like this.
This is sort of like a prompt engineering technique because the large language model is going to receive
the history.
So it's going to know every time what was the critique, what has changed.
So it will have the entire context all the time here of all the conversation.
And we will see it in the trace after we run it.
So now you can see I'm returning now from this function.
And when I return, I return a dictionary and I remind you the state is simply a dictionary, and that
dictionary is going to have the key of messages.
So this is why I'm populating in this dictionary the messages key.
And the value is going to be the value we get from running the chain, which is an AI message.
And because we defined the reducer add messages, it's going to take this value and it's going to append
this list to the list we have already in our state here.
So let's now go and do the same for the reflection node.
So it's going to receive the same state.
It's going to invoke the reflection chain.
And here we have a prompt engineering technique.
Now notice that when we're going now to update the state when we're going to append to the messages
key here we are appending now a human message.
So the AI response we're going to get is going to be an AI message.
But we are now casting this message into a human message.
So this is a heuristic we're making.
So we want the critique that the LLM generates when we plug it back to the LLM.
We want the LLM to think that this critique was the output of a user.
So a human wrote it.
And the idea behind this is that large language models are also trained for conversation and for human
feedback.
And once we label this text here, this critique, when we label it as a human message, we're hoping
to get a better result this way.
So we have now two nodes.
We have the generation node, we have the reflection node.
And now it's time to stitch everything together and to build our graph.
So I'm going to create an object of the state graph.
And the state schema is going to be the message graph class.
So this is simply to tell a graph what's going to be the state how to update it.
And this is the goal of this argument.
Now we want to go and to create the nodes.
So we'll start and create the generation node.
And the first argument is going to be the name which is going to be the string generate.
And the node a logic is going to be the generation node function.
Now it's important to note that in line graph, every node should receive as an input the state which
should be of the type of the state that we initialize our graph with.
So this is also important to note.
All right so let's go and create the second node which is the reflection node.
And now we want to tell the graph that the first node that we want to execute is to be the generation
node.
And we do this by using the method set entry point and giving it a node name.
And that node name is going to be generate.
And if you take a look at what I marked in yellow.
So in line graph.
Every graph is going to start with this built in start node.
And once we use set entry point to be generate, we actually create an edge from the start node to generate.
So after we defined our nodes we want now to define our edges.
And this is going to describe now the execution flow of our software.
So we want to begin with generate.
And this is what we've done so far.
After we execute the generation node we want to go and reflect or we want to finish.
When do we finish and when do we go and reflect.
We'll discuss it very very soon.
And after we reflect, we want to always go to the generate node to generate a new tweet, which is
based on the reflection we got from the reflect node.
So we have one deterministic edge from the reflect node to the generate node.
And then we have a conditional edge from the generate node either to the reflect node or the end node.
And you can see it in the diagram as a dashed arrow here.
Okay.
So now let me define a new function which is called should continue.
And this function is going to receive the state.
And the output of this function is going to be a string which is going to be the node name.
So this function is going to be called every time after we run the node.
And the output is going to telegraph where to go next, either to go to the reflection node or to go
to end everything.
So let's implement here a very simple logic.
I want to count the number of messages.
If it's six, I want to go and finish.
And if it's below six I want to go to the reflect.
So this would give us two iterations of the reflection node.
And this is right now really really simple because this is one of our first graph graphs.
And you can imagine that instead of this logic we can actually put here a large language model to decide
where to go.
So it's going to make the decision whether we need to do some more iterations or we are satisfied with
the result.
And that's the beauty of using land graph, because we as developers, we can define the flow, we can
define which nodes are going to execute.
And we can put here an LLM to decide where to go in this flow.
So this flow engineering idea here and in this example I gave the number six.
But I could have given any number here or written any other logic to determine whether, if we want
to finish or to go and continue reflect here.
Now some of you may observe that this function is not a node that is going to execute.
This is very important to clarify.
It's actually going to be the function of a conditional edge here.
Now notice here we're not returning a dictionary, but we're returning a string from this function.
And the string must correlate to a node name.
And if it's not going to correlate to a node name we are going to get an error here.
So this is what's going to be used for our conditional edge, which we are going to be writing right
now.
So the first argument is going to be the source node we're going from.
And the second argument is going to be our function that we wrote earlier, which its output is going
to be the strings of which nodes to go here.
So this is a routing function.
And the second edge we want to implement is going to be from the reflection node to the generation node.
And we are done with the moving parts right now.
And we can go and compile the graph.
So let's do that.
And now let's go and print it.
So I'm going to use the get graph method.
And I'm going to use the draw mermaid which is going to output me a mermaid diagram of this graph.
All right.
So let's go now and run everything.
We're not invoking the graph yet.
We're simply going to see what a graph in the diagram.
So we can see.
Now in stdout we get here a this code here which is going to describe our graph graph.
So let me go and copy it and let me go to a application like Excalidraw.
And if I'll go right in the right over here we have here mermaid two.
Excalidraw option.
So let me go and click on that.
And we can simply now give our mermaid code and it will draw it in Excalidraw.
And by looking at this a graph that we see right here, you can see that something is just not adding
up.
We are missing here the conditional edge from the generate node to the reflect node and to the end node.
So something here is just not right.
So it's not a bug it's a feature.
And if we'll run our graph with the input it would work just fine.
This is a display issue.
And this has to do with the way we built our graph and specifically the conditional edge.
And the reason why this is happening is because the way we wrote the code line graph does not explicitly
know where to go from the generate node we just gave it.
The should continue function.
So it has no idea that this function is going to output us to go to the reflect node or to the end node.
So let's go to the code and let's go and fix that.
So the way to fix it is to simply add a third argument to the add conditional branch method right over
here.
And here we want to add something which is called a path map, which is going to be a dictionary which
is going to output the possible outputs of this function to a specific node here.
So here we're going to do something very simple and is going to go to end.
And reflect is going to go to reflect.
And by doing so we are now going to explicitly tell Landgraaf what are the possible destination nodes
of this conditional edge.
So now let me go and rerun it and let me copy now the new mermaid code here.
And let's go back to Excalidraw.
And let me now go and paste it again.
And boom.
Now we can see we do actually see the conditional edge as we want it to.
And we can see there is a conditional edge from the generate node to end and to the reflection node.
So this is clearer now.
And by the way you have also a way to draw the graph in Ascii.
So let me just go right over here and let me go.
And now use the get graph.
And get graph has a method which is called print Ascii.
So let me now rerun this program here.
And we can see we printed now our graph as Ascii.

--- LangSmith Tracing ---

Alrighty, so now it's time to test our graph and let's invoke it with an input.
And in the input I wrote make this tweet better.
And then I plugged in a tweet I wrote a while ago about Link Chains new feature tool calling, which
provide us with a single interface for function calling.
So that was pretty big because up until then, then only OpenAI function was supported.
But now with this single interface, we can use Gemini, we can use entropy cloud, and we can use any
model that supports function calling.
So let's try and see what the graph says about this tweet.
We'll run graph dot invoke and we'll give it the inputs.
And let's run it.
Now the graph is executing.
If we'll go to link and we'll go to our reflection agent project, we can see we have a trace which
is still running.
And let's wait until it finishes and let's go and open this trace.
And first of all, let's notice that it took almost 20s to run.
And this makes sense because we made tons of API calls to the LLM.
And if we go to the final prompt to the LLM, then we can see that the output that we got is the final
tweet after all the reflection.
Now, I'm definitely not a copyright expert, but what I want to show you is the process and what the
LLM did to get to this output.
So it would be easier to see the final prompt to the LLM, because it has already all the history and
all the interaction of the agent with the LLM.
So we can see we first started with a system message that you are taking, influencer tasked with writing
excellent Twitter posts, blah blah, blah.
And then I wrote make this tweet better.
And then we started the graph iteration.
And the first thing is to generate a revision for this tweet with the generate general note that we
did.
We didn't finish our iterations, so we went into the reflection mode and we can see the response we
got back from the LM, which is artificially tagged here as human, is giving us feedback about this
tweet.
So after we finish this node, then we need to go back to the generate node.
We generate another tweet according to this feedback and so on and so on until we go and until we have
the final output which is this one.
And you can see on the left side length chain even have traceability and observability for lane graph
objects.
So we have the should continue.
We have the reflection nodes.
And we have all of our graph objects built in into our trace.
Cool.
So we implemented a very slim version of a critiquing algorithm using graph.
Now we could have done it with link chain, but look how simple it was with graph.

--- What are we building? A Reflexion Agent ---

Hey there Ethan here.
And in this section we're going to build something which is called a reflection agent.
It's going to extend our previous example of the reflection agent, but it's going to incorporate tools,
for example, a search tool which is going to search online for real time data to enrich our answer.
And we're going to review some advanced prompt engineering techniques in order for our reflection agent
to be able to digest the feedback correctly and to really address and improve through the iterations,
because to create a critique, it's not that hard, but to really leverage the LLM to incorporate that
critique and to improve over time is something which is challenging.
And for that, we're going to show you some very cool tricks that will help us do so.
Now, where does this architecture come from?
It comes from a paper which is called reflection, which is a joint paper from northeastern, MIT and
Princeton.
So the idea for this actually came from a lecture blog that their team created covering reflection agents
and specifically covering the reflection paper.
Implementing everything with Landgraaf.
Now, I have to say that the link chain team and specifically Lance from Link Chain, they did an amazing
work.
However, their implementation is actually for me, it was a bit hard to understand, so it really took
me a long time to understand what was going on.
So what I did is take it and refactor it a bit in order to make it something which is much more easier
to explain and easier to digest, because the implementation was quite hard to understand.
And of course I'll be sharing the link in the video's resources section.
The goal of the reflection agent is to give us a very detailed article about a topic that will give
it, and we want the article to dynamically fetch relevant information from the web.
And we want to have citations for the reference data.
And of course we want to incorporate a quality right critique loop.
We basically want to get a very high quality answer.
And this is an example question right, about AI powered SoC, autonomous SoC problem domain startups
that do that and raised capital.
So I'm not sure if you're familiar, but AI powered SoC or Hyperautomation autonomous SoC like companies
like talk is something which is exploding right now, and it's getting a lot of attention.
And the idea here is to take the security operations center and to leverage AI agents in order to start
resolving tier one tickets and security incidents.
So those kind of tickets don't require a lot of reasoning, and they can leverage external tools in
order to triage them and to resolve them, and freeing up a lot of work for SOC analysts already.
This is an example response we got from the reflection agent.
And we're going now to discuss the architecture of that agent.
So the architecture looks very similar to our reflection agent we saw in the previous section.
You can see when we start the agent flow, then we first have a responder node which is going to respond.
The initial response.
You can see it right over here.
However it's not only generates the original response, but it also adds a critique to the response
itself and a search term.
So in the search term, the agent is going to come up with ideal search queries that would be beneficial
to get a better response.
It's going to help us ground the output that we gave with current events and external data that is available
online.
So after we have the search queries, we're going to execute the execute tools node, which is going
to take our search queries.
And simply going to use a search engine to retrieve us results in real time.
So I'm going to be using Tavileh, which is an amazing third party.
That is a search engine which is highly optimized for LM applications, and we can easily downstream
the responses that we get to the LM.
And now we're going to downstream the results, and we're going to go to the Revisor node.
And the Revisor node is going to take the initial response, which has already an initial critique,
and the results of the search engine execution.
So it has also external data.
It is very relevant to the topic that we're executing.
It's going to revisit and change our original response.
Now it's going to do that while incorporating the new data and the critique.
So it's going to address the suggestion that we got in the previous step to articulate a better answer.
But not only that, the Revisor is also going to supply us a new critique to the new revision of the
article, and it's going to provide us new search terms that we want to now look up, according to the
revised articles that are going to be beneficial, and it's going to give us The citations of the first
search that we had.
And after that we're going to continue and search for the new queries.
We're going to downstream the new information alongside with the critique, and we're going to revise
it again.
So this loop is going to keep happening until we hit a stopping condition.
And after that we finished.
And this architecture is very similar to our reflection agent architecture that we saw in the previous
section.
But we added here a search engine.
Let's discuss what we're going to use.
We're going to use GPT four turbo because we need a strong enough model to write the text and to write
the critique, which have a good reasoning power.
Also be leveraging function calling, which is going to be super important in this implementation.
And we're going to be using Tavileh as our search engine.
And of course, we're going to be using Lindsmith for tracing, because in this complex architecture
we want to be able to trace easily.

--- Project Setup ---

Hey there.
Eden here.
And in this video, we'll be setting up our project for our reflection agent.
So we'll create the project directory, and we'll use poetry to create our virtual environment and to
install our dependencies.
We'll then open PyCharm and configure it to point to the virtual environment we are using.
And we'll create a dot env file that will hold all of our open AI API keys and API keys, because we're
going to be using Lindsmith for tracing.
Let's see into desktop and create a new directory and we'll call it reflection agent.
We'll CD into it.
And now we want to write poetry in it to initialize our virtual environment and to start installing
our packages.
So I'm going to see I have a pyproject.toml and now I want to install the dependencies.
We'll install Python Dotenv black eishort for formatting and environment variables.
And of course we'll install link chain link chain OpenAI I.
And how can we not forget landgraaf.
So this would take a couple of seconds.
And all of our dependencies are installed.
Now I want to create a new file a dot env file.
And let's now open PyCharm.
And open our project.
So I'm going to look for reflection agent.
And I'm going to open everything in our IDE.
Now notice on the bottom right that PyCharm detected our poetry virtual environment.
And our project interpreter is configured to point to the environment with the packages installed.
And lastly, we want to populate the dot env file with our environment variables.
So we need the open ai API key because we're going to talk to GPT four turbo.
We need the API key because we need a search engine to search online.
And we need the API key because we're going to be leveraging Langschmidt for monitoring and tracing.
So let's also set link length chain tracing v2 equals true.
And we'll call the link chain project reflection agent.
So that would be displayed in the UI.
All right.
So let's now create a new file the main file.
And let's write the boilerplate code if name equals main.
And we want to print hello reflection.
Let's configure our PyCharm runner.
So I'm going to click Edit Configurations I'm going to click the plus button I'm going to select Python.
Let's change the name here to be main.
And in the script I'm going to choose our Main.py file.
And let's click on apply.
And okay.
And let's add from Dotenv import Dotenv.
And let's load the environment variables and run everything.
And we can see it's working.
The environment variables are properly loaded.
And we're ready to continue and start writing our agent.

--- Section Resources ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]

--- Actor Agent V2 ---

1
Hey there, Eden here, and in this video,
2
we're going to implement the actor agent,
3
so we're going to build what's called
4
the first_responder_chain,
5
which is going to be the first step of our graph,
6
which is going to take as input the user query
7
and generate the initial article.
8
Now, we're going to cover some cool prompting techniques.
9
We're going to use output parsers,
10
specifically leveraging function calling
11
in order to get structured output.
12
As always, the code is available in the course's resources.
13
Start with the imports,
14
and let's import datetime because we're going to pass
15
to our agent the current date and time.
16
As always, we also want to import from dotenv
17
the load_dotenv() function,
18
which is going to take the environment variables
19
from our dotenv file.
20
And we want to import from LangChain output parsers
21
some output parsers that would handle the output
22
from the function calling from OpenAI,
23
so I'm going to import JsonOutputToolsParser
24
and the PydanticToolsParser,
25
and both output parsers are going to take back the response
26
we get the LLM with the function-calling invocation,
27
and it's going to take the function-calling invocation
28
and it's going to either transform it
29
into a JSON to a dictionary
30
or it's going to transform it into Pydantic object.
31
Later in this video,
32
we'll see what Pydantic object it will return.
33
And we'll also import HumanMessage from LangChain
34
because we're going to pass that into our LLM.
35
We want to import the ChatPromptTemplate,
36
and this is going to hold all of our history
37
of our agent iterations,
38
so we're going to append messages through that.
39
And also, we want a message placeholder,
40
so that is also useful when we'll plug in the history
41
and the message placeholder is useful
42
to being a placeholder for new messages,
43
and we saw already how it is used
44
in the reflection agent in the previous section.
45
And let's also import ChatOpenAI
46
because we're going to be using GPT-4 Turbo for that.
47
All right, let's start writing our main prompt
48
that will be used by our agent.
49
And I remind you, the input for this agent
50
is going to be the topic that we want to write about,
51
and the agent is going to write us the initial response.
52
Now, in the answer of the agent,
53
we need the content, the first draft of the article,
54
we want to also have a critique,
55
so some criticism on the newly created article,
56
and some search terms that will help enhance the article.
57
So, before we begin,
58
I have to give a quick hint on the implementation.
59
We're going to be using the MessageGraph(),
60
so this means the state of the graph nodes
61
that will be changing upon every node
62
is going to be a simple list of messages.
63
All right, let's go and review the main prompt
64
of our actor agent.
65
So, I'm going to define a variable,
66
I'll call it actor_prompt_template,
67
and it's going to be a ChatPromptTemplate from the messages,
68
and the messages are going to be here, the main prompt,
69
and all of our history that we used to get so far.
70
Let's review the system prompt.
71
So, you are an expert researcher.
72
The Current time is {time},
73
and this is we're going to plug in dynamically.
74
And the prompt's output indicator contains three parts.
75
The first part is a placeholder of {first_instructions},
76
and here, we're going to plug in
77
to simply write a 250-word essay.
78
The second is going to be,
79
"Reflect and critique your answer.
80
Be severe to maximize improvement."
81
And this critique is going to be used later
82
by the reviser agent.
83
And the third part here is,
84
"Recommend search queries to research information
85
and improve your answer."
86
So this is only the search query,
87
so this is not yet the search result,
88
and we're going to use the search queries
89
in the tool execution node
90
where we'll be leveraging Tavily search engine.
91
So, this was the system prompt,
92
and now it's time to introduce
93
a prompt engineering technique
94
to reuse this prompt template.
95
This prompt template is also going to be used
96
by our reviser node, the node which is going
97
to take now all of the information
98
and it's going to rewrite the article.
99
So, because we're going to be using that
100
in our reviser agent, which is going
101
to keep revising and critiquing, revising and critiquing,
102
then we also want to pass in the message placeholder
103
of all of the history before that.
104
So, all the information of what to search
105
and what was critiqued is going to be here.
106
If you didn't fully understand what are we going
107
to do in the reviser agent, don't worry, that is okay.
108
We're going to cover this in depth in the next video.
109
However, what's now is important for you to understand
110
is the first prompt we're going to send to the LLM,
111
that instead of our {first_instruction},
112
we're going to plug in an instruction
113
to write a 250-words essay.
114
And then the agent will generate us the first draft
115
with the critique and with the search queries
116
that we need to search later.
117
We're almost done with our prompt template,
118
and now we want to use the partial() method
119
in order to populate some already known placeholders.
120
When we invoke this prompt template,
121
then we want to plug in here the current date.
122
So, we're simply going to use a lambda function
123
that will output us today's date,
124
and we're going to give it in the ISO format.
125
And this will be computed only
126
when we invoke this prompt template,
127
and this will be when we invoke our agent.
128
Righty, we're done with the prompt
129
that our agent is going to use,
130
but now we want to ensure
131
that the output we get from the LLM then
132
it is in a structured format,
133
so we want the format to be with a response field
134
that is having the original essay,
135
we want the critique field,
136
which is having the critique for that essay,
137
and we want a search field,
138
which will be a list of values that we should search for.
139
And for that, we're going to leverage function calling
140
and specifically function calling that would make sure
141
that the output format of the LLM
142
is going to be in a object we create.
143
Let's create a new file, and we'll call it schemas.py.
144
And this file is going to hold the schemas
145
for the output we want.
146
So, we'll import the List type hinting
147
and pydantic BaseModel and Field
148
to create the objects that we want to structure our output.
149
Let's define a new class which will inherit
150
from pydantic BaseModel.
151
Going to be the Reflection class,
152
which is going to have all the information
153
about our reflection, about our critique.
154
Want to address in our critique two main things.
155
One is missing information.
156
Missing information was important to note,
157
but the LLM didn't generate it for us.
158
And the second is superfluous information.
159
Now, I had to look up in the dictionary what is superfluous,
160
and superfluous means unnecessary information,
161
information that doesn't add up any value.
162
That was the Reflection class.
163
Now, an important note is that this Reflection class,
164
when it's going to be used
165
alongside with the function-calling feature,
166
then it would actually ground the response from the LLM
167
to fill up those values,
168
so it would actually give us very concise feedback
169
from the LLM.
170
After we finish the Reflection class,
171
now it's time to create the answer class,
172
we'll call it AnswerQuestion,
173
and it's going to have a couple of fields.
174
The first field is going to be answer,
175
and this is going to be a 250-word answer
176
to the original question.
177
Second field is going to be a Reflection object
178
that we specified before.
179
And you can see in the description,
180
"Your reflection on the initial answer."
181
Now, this is another cool trick
182
where we're actually prompting the LLM
183
through the description of the classes fields,
184
so this is something very interesting in my opinion,
185
so this would help the LLM ground the response.
186
And the third field of the answer class
187
is going to be search_queries.
188
And in the descriptions,
189
you can see it's one to three search queries
190
for researching improvements
191
to address the current critique of your response.
192
So, this was the class definitions
193
of the answers we want to output from our LLM calls
194
that our agent is going to be outputting us.
195
So let's go back to the chains.py file,
196
and now we want to make sure that we get from the LLM
197
this kind of structured output.
198
Let's go back to the chains.py file,
199
and we want to initialize a large language model
200
and we're going to set it to be GPT-4 turbo.
201
We're going to create two output parsers.
202
The first one is going to be a JsonOutputToolsParser,
203
which is simply going to return us the function call
204
we got back from the LLM and transform it into a dictionary.
205
And the second output parser
206
is going to be a PydanticToolsOutputParser,
207
which is going to take the response from the LLM,
208
it's going to search for the function-calling invocation,
209
and it's going to parse it and transform it
210
into an AnswerQuestion object.
211
So, it's going to take the answer from the LLM
212
and it's going to create an AnswerQuestion object
213
that we can easily work with.
214
All right, this is a long video,
215
but we're heading towards the end.
216
So, now, it's time to prepare our prompt
217
before we send it to the LLM,
218
so let's go and take the actor_prompt_template
219
and let's populate the first_instruction field with,
220
"Provide a detailed 250 word answer."
221
And this will be plugged in into our prompt template,
222
and this is what is going
223
to make our LLM generate the first answer.
224
Let's now create the first_responder chain,
225
which is going to take our prompt template
226
and it's going to pipe it into the LLM GPT-4 Turbo,
227
but not before we bind the AnswerQuestion object
228
as a tool for the function calling.
229
And by providing tool_choice="AnswerQuestion",
230
this will force the LLM
231
to always use the AnswerQuestion tool,
232
thus grounding the response to the object
233
that we want to receive.
234
And this is a cool technique where the grounding
235
of the LLM also comes from the Pydantic object we created.
236
So, this way, we are going to make the LLM
237
give us exactly the response that we want.
238
All righty, so let's now write the chain
239
that will run this baby.
240
I'm simply going to add if __name__ = "__main__"
241
to be able to run this file.
242
And let's create a new chain,
243
and I'm going to prompt this chain with the input of,
244
"Write about AI-powered SOC / autonomous SOC problem domain,
245
and list startups that have raised capital on this."
246
This is the prompt,
247
this is the input we're going to give this chain.
248
And the chain is going to be very similar
249
to the chain we wrote above, but at the end here,
250
we're going to use the parser_pydantic,
251
which is going to take the response
252
and parse it as a Pydantic object of AnswerQuestion.
253
Let's now invoke this chain,
254
and we're going to send the human_message
255
in the messages key
256
so that would plug the messages placeholder
257
that we initialized in our prompt,
258
and let's debug this and see what happens.
259
And we got an error saying
260
that we didn't provide the search_queries field
261
to AnswerQuestion object,
262
so this means that when the LLM produced the response,
263
it didn't actually give us a search_queries in the answer.
264
And this can be resolved
265
if we do some prompt engineering like saying,
266
"You must provide the search queries at all costs."
267
Or something like that, or even better,
268
maybe to try and split up this query
269
into a different prompt that will run independently.
270
But we're not going to perform all of this
271
because this is just a proof of concept,
272
and we'll just rerun it again
273
and we'll see that it would work out.
274
And let's go and evaluate res.
275
And we can see that we have an AnswerQuestion object,
276
and we can have a look at the answer.
277
"AI-powered SOC, or autonomous SOC,
278
represent a cutting-edge approach
279
in the cybersecurity domain,
280
leveraging AI and machine learning technologies
281
to enhance threat detection, response,
282
and overall security operation.
283
This innovation paradigm addresses the escalating complexity
284
and volume of cyber threats,
285
which often outpace the capabilities of traditions,
286
human-operated SOC.
287
AI-powered SOCS aim to automate the identification
288
and neutralization of threats,
289
reduce false positives,
290
and free up human analysts to focus on more strategic tasks.
291
The problem domain encompasses various challenges,
292
including the integration of AI technologies
293
with existing security infra,
294
ensuring the accuracy and reliability
295
of AI-driven threat detection,
296
and maintaining the privacy and security
297
of sensitive data processed by AI systems."
298
So now, we get here a list of startups
299
that raised capital on this,
300
and this response looks legit,
301
but it has a couple of things that it can be better.
302
For example, it had some redundant information.
303
And two, the information about the startups
304
that raised capital,
305
it came from the parametric knowledge of the LLM,
306
basically all the knowledge
307
that the LLM learned during the training,
308
so we can actually here ground this part in external data.
309
Let's go and let's check out the Reflection object
310
inside of our AnswerQuestion object.
311
And we can see here we have missing,
312
and let's see what information we're missing.
313
"The answer could benefit more precise data
314
on the amount of capital raised by each mentioned startup,
315
and would provide a clearer picture of the scale."
316
So, this is pretty interesting and it seems legit.
317
And let's take out the superfluous field.
318
"The detailed explanation on the problem
319
might be slightly redundant
320
for readers already familiar with the concept."
321
The reflection looks pretty good in my opinion.
322
All right, so now let's go
323
and take a look at the search queries,
324
and we can see we have here four search queries.
325
One is AI-powered SOC startup funding.
326
The other is Darktrace funding history,
327
Vectra capital raised, and Arctic investment routes.
328
And if we'll go to LangSmith to see the tracing,
329
we'll take the final trace,
330
and if we'll take and examine the prompt
331
that we sent OpenAI,
332
we can see we have here the input
333
and then we can see the answer
334
which we later parsed with the Pydantic output parser.
335
Wow, that was a long video,
336
but we finally wrote the logic for the responder agent,
337
and this is the logic which will be running
338
in the responder node,
339
which will give us the initial response
340
alongside with the critique
341
and the search term for web searches.
342
We covered the first_responder_chain,
343
we saw how we can get structured output
344
using function calling in output parsers,
345
and we saw some cool prompt engineering techniques
346
that will help the LLM ground our response exactly
347
with the information that we want.
348
In the next video, we're going to review the logic
349
that will happen in the reviser chain.

--- Revisor Agent ---

Hey there.
Eden here.
I know the previous video was a long video.
However, luckily for us, this video is much shorter.
In this video, we'll be implementing the Reviser agent.
Now, since we have most of the infrastructure ready, then all we need to do is to simply add an instruction
to the prompt and create a new class for the response.
And that's it.
This agent will take the last artifact written.
Use the critique in order to revise the artifact and then output us a better article.
All right, so I'm going back to the code to change that.
And we're going to add here a new template.
Now those are the revision instructions.
So let's take a look at them.
Revise your previous answer using the new information.
You should use the previous critique to add important information to your answer.
You must include numerical citations in your revised answer to ensure it can be verified.
Add a reference section to the bottom of your answer, which does not count towards the word limit in
the form of.
And then there are URLs.
You should use the previous critique to remove superfluous information from your answer, to make sure
it doesn't go over 250 words.
So this instruction is going to be plugged in into our original actor prompt template in line number
23.
So in the placeholder of First Instruction we're going to plug in the revision instructions.
Let's head up to schema.py.
We want now to create a new class for our revisited answer.
And we'll call it Revise answer.
And notice it will inherit from the answer creation class.
So this means it will have all of its fields.
So it will have answer reflection search queries.
However it will have also something else.
It will also have the references field which is going to be a list of strings.
And those strings are going to be citations of URLs mostly that we'll get from the search engine.
Now we haven't discussed what's going to happen with the search engine and how it's going to work.
Don't worry, we're going to do it in the next video.
Alrighty, let's head back to Chains pie.
And now we want to write the revision chain.
So after we wrote the revision instructions then we simply want to create a new chain very similar to
what we did before.
And we'll take the actor prompt template.
We'll fill up the first instruction placeholder with the revised instructions variable, and we simply
want to pipe it into our LM, GPT four turbo again using function calling.
So we'll supply the tools which is the revised answer tool.
And we're going to give the tool choice to be revised answer.
So this would enforce the schema of the pedantic object revise answer class and would de facto make
our LM adhere and grab the answer to be that kind of object.
So let's also import that from schemas.
And we can see in line 15 we also imported it.
And that's it for the reviser.
So this is the logic which is going to run in the revision node.
Alrighty.
So let's have a recap of what we did so far in this video with the revision node.
We wrote the Revisor chain, and in the revision step or Revisor node, we're going to take the result
we got from the search engine from Tavli with the relevant search queries, and that we're going to
plug in into our already existing article alongside with the generated critique.
And the agent is going to revise the response projected from the critique that was already written,
is going to take the search results from Tavli, and it's going to add this into our response.
And of course, it's going to citate in all the resources that we used from the internet.
In the next video, we'll be dealing with the tool executions, and we'll handle all of the tavli web
searching for relevant topics, and we're going to propagate that into our revisited answer.

--- ToolNode - Executing Tools ---

Hey there.
Eden here.
And in the next two videos, we're going to be implementing our tool executor node.
And this node is going to take as an input the I message, which is going to have the information of
the wanted search queries.
And it's going to run Tavileh to get us real time results and real time information from the web.
Through this video, we'll have all the components for our graph ready and we'll build our graph.
So let's go to the code.
Alrighty.
So let's go and create a new file.
And I want to call it tool executor.
Let's start by importing low dotenv and load the environment variables.
And now I want to import from link chain Tavileh.
I want to import the Tavileh search tool and make sure you have Tavileh installed.
So you can do that by writing poetry.
Add link chain Tavileh.
And you want to make sure that you have the API key.
So let me go and take that real quick and I'll log in.
And let me go and copy one API key and let me put it in my env file.
And by the way, don't worry about me exposing my API keys.
I revoked them after I finished filming this video.
And we want now to import the structured tool class from Link Chain, which is a component that's going
to allow us to convert a Python function into a tool that can be used by Llms.
So it's going to take that function and provide to the LLM a structured schema for the function, which
will help the LLM understand how to use this tool.
And then we're going to import the tool node class from Landgraaf.
And this is a very cool class that saves us tons of work.
And it's a node in the graph that we can invoke.
And it's going to look in the state for the messages key.
It's going to check the last message, and it's then going to see if there's any tool calls that were
decided by the alarm.
And if there are, it's going to execute those tools for us.
And it can do this even in parallel.
So this saves us tons of work.
And trust me, before that we would need to do everything ourselves.
And I actually did that in the original version of the course.
And I'll even leave this implementation as optional in case you want to check out all the heavy lifting
that tool node performs for us anyways.
So this is going to be the node that is going to execute the tools, and we're going to instantiate
it with the tools that it needs to run it.
We're going to see it in this video.
So it's going to be very clear.
Cool.
So let me just import the answer question and the revised answer classes.
Let's go and initialize our search tool.
So we'll start by creating an object of search.
So we'll do that with max results equals to five simply to get five results.
And it's going to give us back a link chain tool with the function of the search engine.
And we don't want to use it as is, like we usually do.
We want to do a cool trick here.
So we want to take the original tool and its functionality, and we want to create from it two different
tools.
It's going to be two different tools with the same functionality of the search, but they're going to
have different names because they serve different purposes in the application workflow.
So we're going to have an answer question tool, which is going to be used during the initial research
phase when the agent is first answering the question.
And then we want to have this revised answer tool which is used during the revision phase when the agent
is improving its answer based on the reflection.
So both tools are going to run the search.
And that's why we need those objects the answer question object and the revised answer object.
Because we want to get their names in order to label those tools.
But theoretically we can use one tool, but having separate names in two separate tools allows the system
to clearly track which stage of the research process triggered the search initial research versus the
revision research.
So it's going to help us in debugging and evaluating the response.
All right.
So let me create a new function.
And I'm going to call this function run queries which is going to receive as an input the search queries
which is a list of strings.
And in its description it's going to have run the generated queries.
And let's also add the quarks here in case the LLM is going to fail some other values.
So we won't get an error in that case.
And the implementation here is going to be very straightforward.
We're going to run the Tavileh tool with those queries.
So we're going to iterate over them.
And we're going to run the query with the batch function which is going to run them concurrently.
All right.
So now we want to create from this function we want to create two different tools with different names.
So one tool is going to be answer a question and the other tool is going to be revised answer.
And they're both going to run the search the run queries function.
And the structured tool class is going to help us achieve that.
And they're all going to run in the tool mode.
So the tool mode is going to run two different tools.
And one tool is going to be the search tool that originated from the first creation of the research.
And the other tool is going to be a search query that originated from the reflection revision.
And that's the cool trick over here.
So let's go and do that.
Let's go create an object of tool node.
And in order to do that we'll need to supply the list of tools that it's going to run.
So let's create the first tool.
So we'll take the structured tool class.
And it's going to have a method from function which is going to receive a function and convert it into
a tool with schema and description and all of that that we saw before.
And another argument is going to be the name of the tool.
So here the name is going to be the name of the class.
And we want to do another tool which is going to run the same function.
But it's going to have a different name of the revised answer class.
And that's it.
We are done.
Here we have all the moving parts in order to create the graph.
Now I remind you this tool is going to examine the state.
It's going to check the last message.
And if there is a tool call it's going to execute the relevant tool call.
All right let me run some formatting over here and let me go and add everything we did right now.
And let's commit it.
So I'm going to commit this to the branch of slash projects slash reflection agent.
And if you want to see the code you can select in the repo a branch of project slash reflection agent.
And you can check out the commit here, which has all the code that we did in this video.
And it's going to be linked in the videos resources.

--- Building Our LangGraph Graph ---

1
Hey there. Eden here.
2
And this video was refilmed to match
3
the latest version of LangGraph
4
because things have changed
5
since this video was previously filmed.
6
And the version I'm going to be using
7
for this video is 1.0.5.
8
And the important thing to you to note for this video
9
is that it's updated according to LangGraph 1.+.
10
Now let's go to main.py
11
and let's start assemble all of the pieces together
12
and let's build our LangGraph graph.
13
So let's start with the imports.
14
Let's import Literal from typing.
15
Let's go and import AIMessage and ToolMessage.
16
And let's go and import from LangGraph the end node,
17
the start node.
18
And we want to import a StateGraph.
19
And the StateGraph is only going
20
to hold a list of messages.
21
So that's why I am also importing MessageState.
22
And we implemented this from scratch
23
in the previous section of the reflection agent.
24
However, we can import it from LangGraph prebuilt.
25
So eventually the StateGraph is going to have
26
a state of the MessageState,
27
which is simply a list of messages.
28
And let's see, import from our chains PY file,
29
the reviser chain, we have it right over here
30
and the first responder chain, which we have it over here.
31
We also want to import from the tool executor PY file
32
the execute tool variables,
33
which is going to be a tool node.
34
So it's going to be running our tools.
35
This is going to be running our search tool concurrently.
36
And let's define Max Iterations equals 2.
37
So this means we want only two iterations
38
of revision, draft, revision, draft
39
and we want to limit this.
40
In the future, if we want to integrate LLM
41
as a judge architecture, we can not limit it by the number,
42
but make an LLM call to decide
43
whether we want to resume or not.
44
And we're going to be implementing
45
these kinds of architecture in the next section
46
of the course where we're going to build
47
an agentic correct solution.
48
So let's start by implementing our graph nodes.
49
So let's start with the first node,
50
which is called the draft node.
51
So this node is going to receive the state,
52
which I remind you only has a list of messages.
53
And we simply want to draft the response.
54
So we want to call the first responder chain
55
and we are going to give it when we invoke it
56
in the messages key, the state in the messages place.
57
So this is going to take all of the messages
58
that we have in the graph and send it.
59
And when we start to execute this graph,
60
the first message is going to be
61
the human message with our user input.
62
So when we're going to get a response
63
from the first responder,
64
we're going to be getting an answer question.
65
This is going to be the type of the response.
66
So it's going to have an answer,
67
it's going to have the reflection,
68
so what needs to change, what is missing,
69
what is superfluous, and the search queries.
70
So these are going to be the search queries
71
which we want to run later.
72
And lastly, once we get this response,
73
we want to append it into our messages key in our state.
74
So this line over here is going to take the message
75
and it's going to append it to the state.
76
So in the same way,
77
let's go and let's implement the revised node.
78
And this is going to revise the answer
79
based on the tool results, which was the Pydantic critique.
80
And here, we simply want to take our reviser chain
81
and we want to invoke it
82
with all the messages we have so far.
83
And in the first iteration,
84
it's going to be the result of the first result.
85
After we get a response,
86
we want to append it to the graph state as well.
87
And before we go and implement our graph,
88
let's go and remember what we're trying to do here.
89
So we want to limit the number of iterations we do here.
90
And the way we want to limit it is with a magic number,
91
which in our case is 2.
92
So we want to have only at most two iterations here.
93
And this is a heuristic.
94
This is not the best way to do it.
95
Of course, if you want to make it much more advanced,
96
we can add an LLM as a judge here.
97
But for this example, we want to limit it to two.
98
So in order to count
99
and to know in which iteration we are,
100
let's take a look of what's happening here.
101
So I remind you that we are using function calling
102
to structure our LLMs output here.
103
So this kind of response is going
104
to come from function calling.
105
And so in order to limit our number of iterations
106
to two iterations,
107
because we want to count the number of tool calls
108
because each tool call is going to be an LLM response
109
according to our structured output here.
110
So when we invoke,
111
the responder is going to be one tool call here.
112
Executing the tools will not result in tool calls
113
because it's going to be tool nodes.
114
So there isn't an LLM making a tool call over here.
115
And when we're going to run our advisor chain,
116
we're going to receive a tool call.
117
So the condition to finish the job
118
and to endo graph is going to be
119
if we have more than two tool calls,
120
this is one, this is two.
121
And in the second iteration
122
we're going to have three tool calls.
123
And here we're going to have four tool calls.
124
So this number is going to be greater than two.
125
So this is what we're going to be doing
126
in the conditional edge here after the reviser chain.
127
So let's go and implement its logic.
128
So the conditional edge is going to be called event loop
129
and it's going to receive the state as an input,
130
which is going to be a list of messages.
131
So it's going to return either,
132
we want to go and execute tools.
133
So either from here we want to go to execute tools
134
or we want to go and end.
135
So this is going to be end here.
136
And this is the conditional edge.
137
It goes to the end or it goes to the execute tools here.
138
So the way we want to do it,
139
we want to go and count the number of tool calls.
140
So this is simply iterating over the messages key,
141
iterating through all the messages.
142
If it is a tool call, we want to call it.
143
And here we get the number of the tool visits we have here.
144
So if this number is going
145
to be greater than max iterations, which is two,
146
then we want to finish
147
'cause it's going to be three or it's going to be four.
148
And if not, we want to go to execute tools.
149
So this is going to ensure us
150
we are running this architecture only twice.
151
The loop here is running only twice.
152
And now let's go and implement the graph.
153
We want to build a StateGraph
154
which is going to receive the message state,
155
which is I remind you a list of messages.
156
We want to add the draft node,
157
which is going to be this function over here.
158
We want to add the execute tools nodes,
159
which is going to be the execute tool node we created here.
160
And lastly, we want the revised node
161
to be this revised node we implement of here.
162
Cool. So we finished with the nodes.
163
So we have this object right over here,
164
we have the execute tools nodes,
165
and we have the reviser node here.
166
So let's define the first responder here.
167
The responder, let's define it as the first node,
168
the draft node.
169
So let me add an edge from the start of the graph to draft.
170
So this is going to take the user input
171
and execute now the reviser agent.
172
And now we want to go,
173
after we do that, we get the first response,
174
we get a critique for it, and we get search results.
175
So now we want to go
176
and we want to execute the tools with the tools node.
177
So let's define an edge from the draft node
178
into the execute tools node.
179
And now, after we execute the tools,
180
we want to go to the reviser node.
181
So let's create an edge from the execute tool node
182
to the revised node.
183
And lastly, after we finish the revised node,
184
now we want to define the conditional branch.
185
So let's go and add the conditional edge
186
from the revised node.
187
The logic is going to be the event look we have over here.
188
And the third argument here is going to be a list
189
that is going to tell LangGraph which nodes can go
190
and execute after this conditional edge.
191
So this is going to help when we visualize the graph here
192
and here, we want to give it execute tools and end,
193
which those values need to match the values
194
that we return from here, from the literals.
195
We can see right over here.
196
Let's go now and compile the graph
197
and let's go and print it.
198
So I'm going to print it with Mermaid.
199
So here, let me go and copy now the description of our graph
200
and let's go and visualize it with Mermaid.
201
So let me go to mermaid.live.
202
So I'll pasted all of the code here.
203
So this is the flow execution of our graph here.
204
And notice here,
205
this conditional edge from the revised node.
206
After the revised node, we have the conditional step
207
either to go and finish
208
or to go and make another search query
209
and start revising according to the new query.
210
So let me go now back to the code here
211
and let's go and invoke it.
212
So in order to invoke her graph,
213
we want to give it a list of messages.
214
So I'm going to create here a dictionary
215
and I want to put here the messages field here.
216
And this is going to be a dictionary.
217
So the role is going to be user,
218
I remind you link chain is going to go
219
and cast this into a human message
220
because the role here is user,
221
and the content is going to be right about AI-Powered SOC.
222
autonomous soc problem domain,
223
list startups that have raised capital on that.
224
And after we go and execute it,
225
we want to go and take last message.
226
So let me run this in the bag
227
and let me show you where we take our answer from.
228
So this is now running
229
and we can see we got here to this breakpoint
230
and let's go and check the response.
231
So if we'll go to res,
232
we can see all of the messages that we have here
233
and we're going to review everything in length meet.
234
But I want to show you the last message
235
is going to be an AI message.
236
And this AI message is going to have a tool call.
237
Let's go and look for the tool calls.
238
Here we can see we have the tool calls.
239
It's going to be a tool call where we're going to have
240
the revised answer.
241
And the answer here is going to be here in the args here.
242
See, this is the answer.
243
So let's go, and according to the structure,
244
let's go now and let's format the response and print it.
245
So I want to check if the last message is an AI message.
246
And if this AI message has a tool call,
247
I want to take the tool call,
248
the first one because we're only going to have one,
249
I want to go to the args and I want to go
250
and check out the answer key here.
251
And let's go and print also the rest of the messages.
252
So let me now go and stop this execution.
253
Let's go and run it again.
254
And after we run it,
255
I will show you in length meet the entire trace.
256
So let me go now
257
and let me run everything from the beginning
258
and I want to show you the printed answer.
259
And here we can see we got here an answer.
260
Let me go to the top here.
261
We can see AI Driven and Autonomous SOC, Problem Domain,
262
Traditional SOC, face alert overload,
263
manual triage delays and shortage of skilled analytics,
264
AI powered SOC apply supervised,
265
unsupervised machine learning and graph analytics
266
to reduce false positives by up to 50%
267
and automate 70% over routine alerts
268
cutting investigation time by 70 to 90%.
269
Autonomous SOC extend low risk response, quarantine emails,
270
isolating endpoints and reconfiguring firewall,
271
shrinking dwell time and MTTR two under five minutes
272
in finance and healthcare.
273
MTTR is Median Time To Response.
274
And here we can see startups by maturity tier
275
and the leaders which are Darktrace, Vectra,
276
the Scale Up, Exabeam, Cybereason
277
and the Innovators, Deep Instinct, SecBI and Blumira.
278
All right.
279
Here we have the list of messages.

--- Tracing Our Graph ---

1
So let's go now to LangSmith
2
and let's go and review the trace here.
3
So here we got a long trace.
4
Now this entire trace, let me show you
5
how it's going to be matching the architecture.
6
So let me first go and minimize everything here.
7
And yeah, so I'm going to minimize it to all the nodes
8
that are running here
9
so we can see the entire thing ran for almost 50 seconds
10
and this is the cost.
11
It consumed 35K tokens here.
12
So let me go and compare it
13
to the reflection architecture here.
14
So we first start with the responder,
15
which is going to make the first draft.
16
So here it's going to have the response field,
17
it's going to have a critique and it's going to have search.
18
So this is going to be the draft for our answer
19
and this is going to be happening here
20
in the draft note here.
21
And here we can see the answer
22
we have here is the base draft.
23
We have right over here.
24
We can see we have here the reflection,
25
which has the missing attribute with missing information
26
and superfluous attribute with information we should remove
27
and some search queries we should make here.
28
So right now the number of tool calls is going to be one,
29
up until now, 'cause this is going to be a tool call here
30
and we can even see if we'll go and open it,
31
let's see the sequence of the, when we called OpenAI.
32
And if we'll go here to the trace of the actual LLM call,
33
we can see here it was one invocation of a tool call
34
which invoked the answer question tool.
35
So we used the identical object as a tool here.
36
So this is really cool.
37
Alright, so this was one tool call.
38
Let's go and check out the architecture.
39
After this, we should go and execute the tools.
40
We should execute the search queries.
41
So here we went to the execute tool nodes
42
and this tool node here ran three search queries.
43
The first one was to query AI-powered
44
SOC startups venture fundings in 2025.
45
The second one was autonomous SOC market sizing
46
and use cases.
47
And the third one was comparative analysis
48
of AI SOC platforms here.
49
Now let me show you something cool here.
50
They all ran concurrently because tool nodes supports
51
running multiple tools concurrently here.
52
So if I'm going to check each tools here,
53
here we have the start time.
54
So for the different tools that ran,
55
the start time stayed the same
56
because they all ran concurrently.
57
So after we ran this node, we have now an AI message
58
with a bunch of tool call results.
59
So now we go to the revised node.
60
Let's go back to the architecture.
61
After we run the execute tools, we go to the reviser,
62
which has now in its history all of the tools execution,
63
all of the search results.
64
It has the first answer, it has also a critique
65
and now it's going to revise the answer
66
based on the search results.
67
And it's going to give another critique
68
and it's going to add a citation here.
69
So if I'm going to go back to LangSmith,
70
the reviser is going to be running now.
71
We can see here it has all of the history of the tool calls.
72
Let me go through that.
73
And we get here now as a response, a revised answer.
74
So this is also a tool call.
75
If I'm going to dive deeper here,
76
we can see this is eventually an LLM call.
77
If this is the input on first thing
78
the schema of the revised answer here
79
with all of the details that we want.
80
And here after the reviser change,
81
we have now the conditional loop.
82
If we counted more than two tool calls,
83
so we want to go and end.
84
And if we are not, we want to have another iteration
85
and we want to go and start executing the tools over here
86
because here we're going to have different search queries.
87
So let's go back now to LangSmith, here the event loop
88
and the event loop returned
89
that we should go to execute tools.
90
So we go now to execute tools here.
91
So notice here, now we have also the reference field
92
also in our tool call.
93
And here we have different search queries.
94
Here we have AI SOC ROI case studies,
95
autonomous SOC market size on 2025,
96
and industry adoption in AI SOC.
97
So those search queries are actually different
98
from the first search queries we had.
99
And then we go, we execute the tools.
100
So after the reviser, we go and execute tools again.
101
So let's go back to the diagram over here.
102
We go, we execute the tools,
103
we then make another revision here
104
and then we want to finish.
105
Because by the time we finish the reviser here,
106
we're going to have four tool calls.
107
So in the trace here we go and execute the tools.
108
We run three search queries again.
109
1, 2, 3 search queries all running concurrently.
110
Then we go and revise the answer.
111
And now we go to the event loop.
112
So after the second revision, let's go and open it.
113
We go here to the event loop.
114
And here you would actually expect that
115
we're going to be finishing the graph execution
116
because the number of tool calls is greater than two here.
117
However, let's go and count the number of tool calls.
118
This is one tool call from the beginning.
119
This is a second tool call and this is not a tool call.
120
And up until here we have two tool calls.
121
And the reason why we go to execute tools here,
122
because when we execute here, this event loop,
123
the revised node actually haven't finished yet.
124
So it hasn't really update the state here.
125
So if I'm going to go back to the code here,
126
the reviser node here, this is going to be updated
127
only after we are going to finish this event loop here.
128
So when we execute for the second time the event loop here,
129
the tool count is still less than the max_iteration.
130
So that's why we don't end.
131
So that's why after it, we go and do another execute tools.
132
And by this time after we execute the tools,
133
even though this is not a tool call over here,
134
I remind you this is a tool note here,
135
but we have already updated the state
136
that executed this note here, the revised note here.
137
So when we go after these execute tools,
138
so when we go to this revised note here,
139
we go back to the event loop.
140
So now the number is greater than two.
141
And yeah and now we go to the end here
142
and now we finish the graph here.
143
So actually according to the max iterations equals two,
144
it's actually going to be three iteration.
145
It's not going to be two iterations,
146
it's going to be three iterations.
147
And this was my mistake, so sorry about it.
148
So eventually we made here three iterations of revisions.
149
Cool. So this was the Reflexion architecture.
150
So we saw that actually timing the number of iterations
151
was actually not that simple.
152
In the next section,
153
we are going to be using an LLM as a judge.
154
So we're not going to rely on these max iterations here.
155
We are going to rely on an LLM, which is going to decide
156
whether to make another iteration or not.
157
And this is going to be in the agentic RAG section,
158
where you can find the docs in LangGraph agentic RAG,
159
which is going to be this architecture.
160
And this is what we're going to be covering
161
in the next section.

--- What are Building In this Section- Agentic RAG Architecture ---

Hey there.
Ethan here.
Super glad you got so far.
And in this video I want to discuss what we will be building in this section.
And we'll be implementing an advanced complex Rag workflow that is going to yield us much more quality
results than we're used to in regular Rag systems, all by leveraging land graph.
So this project is inspired by the Long Chain and Mistral Cookbook, where they introduced this topic,
and their code is listed in the courses repository.
And they also have a very good YouTube video.
But what I felt lacking in their cookbook is the software engineering perspective.
So what I did is to take their code and change it and refactor it, so it would be more production oriented.
That is, it will be more maintainable, more readable, more testable, and it's easier to extend if
you want to add new functionality.
What I also did is also to gradually build the system from zero, and to show you the software engineering
perspective while building an advanced workflow.
So what is this advanced Rag workflow I keep talking about?
It's based on three papers research papers, Self Rag, Corrective Rag, and Adaptive Rag.
And we'll be covering the gist of those papers further in the videos, but the general idea of those
papers is to add reflection into our workflow.
So we want to reflect on the documents that we retrieve and to see if they are indeed correct for us
or not.
We want to curate those documents and add new information if it's not enough.
After our reflection, we also want to reflect on the answer.
So we want to check if the answer is indeed grounded in the documents, and that the answer indeed answers
the question.
So a lot of reflection is going to be added here.
And also there is a routing element where we're going to route our request to the correct data store
that is going to have the information for our answer.
So that's a very quick overview of what we're going to be implementing.
And all of the code for this section is in a public GitHub repository, which you can reference at any
time when you're watching the videos.
So I've arranged it so each video will match its corresponding branch.
And you can even find the code at the end of each video, which is going to match the code in the repository.
So feel free to check it out and I hope you'll enjoy this section.
And let's start with the first part of implementing the research paper of Corrective Rag.

--- Improving RAG Quality with the Corrective RAG Flow ---

Hey there, Ethan here.
And in the next couple of videos, we'll be implementing Chirag or correctly react based on the correct
rank research paper.
And this is an advanced rank technique that is going to help us get more quality answers when performing
retrieval, augmentation, generation.
And the basic concept of Seerat is pretty straightforward.
We first want to start by taking our query, performing in the vector search, semantic search, and
retrieving relevant documents from our vector store.
After we have all those documents, we want to start and self-reflect, to critique those documents
and to determine whether they are indeed relevant to our original query or not.
If all of the documents are relevant to our query, then this is a happy flow and we simply want to
augment our original prompt and send everything to the LLM like we always do in RAC.
However, if you find document that we find out that are not relevant to our query, of course we want
to filter the null and we also want to perform some external search on the internet and get to more
information.
And to augment our prompt with that real time information we get from online.
And after we have that, we can augment our prompt and send everything to the LN.
And this technique is going to give us much more quality response.

--- Boilerplate Setup for an Agentic RAG Agent with LangGraph ---

Hey there, Ethan here.
And in this video, we'll be setting up our project of our reflection agent.
So we'll create the project directory, and we'll use poetry to create our virtual environment and to
install our dependencies.
We'll then open PyCharm and configure it to point to the virtual environment we are using.
And we'll create a dot env file that will hold all of our open AI API keys and Lamb-smith API keys,
because we're going to be using Lamb-smith for tracing.
By the way, all of the code of this video and the rest of the series is going to be on GitHub.
So for this section it will be on the branch one.
Start here.
So in case you need to compare something you want to check out which versions I'm using.
So feel free to check it out.
Alrighty let's go and CD into desktop and I will creating a new directory.
And I'm going to call it Land Graph Course.
And let's go into this new directory and let's initialize our poetry environment.
So I'm going to write poetry init it.
I'm going to click enter and continue with the setup.
And right now I have my poetry environment setup and I have a pyproject.toml file.
Let's check it out.
Nothing is yet installed.
So let's go now and install everything.
So I'm going to write poetry add and let's install Beautifulsoup.
And we need this because link chain will use this library when it's going to download files from the
web that we're going to ingest into our vector store.
Let's install link chain link graph link chain hub.
And we also want link chain community because we're going to be using third party loaders for loading
our documents.
Let's also install the SDK for our search engine.
And I want to install chroma as our open source vector store.
We want Python env for our environment variables.
Black and I thought for formatting.
And lastly let's also install Pytest because we're going to be writing tests and we love writing tests,
don't we?
And writing tests in generative applications is something which is super important.
That's why it was really important for me to include testing in this course.
And let's hit enter and install all those packages.
So it's going to take a minute.
So let me just fast forward it.
And all of our packages are installed.
We want now to open everything in PyCharm.
So I'm going to select the project directory.
It's going to be here.
And we can see that PyCharm detected my poetry environment I'm going to approve it.
And we are now indexing all of our packages.
And if we'll take a look at our pyproject.toml file, we can see all the versions that we are using
at the moment.
And I will be updating the courses repository to be with the latest link chain and Landgraf versions
all the time.
Alrighty, let's go and create a new file and it's going to be our dot env file, which is going to
hold all of our environment variables.
So I'm simply going to paste them in and I'm going to put the OpenAI API key the API key.
And we're going to enable Laxmi Tracing.
We're going to call the Linux Mint project Chirag.
We'll be needing our API key for our search engine.
And I defined the Python path to point to the project's root directory.
Alrighty.
Let's create now our main file.
And here we want to simply write the boilerplate code to first load the environment variables.
And then to print something we'll print hello Advanced Rag.
And let's as a sanity check run it and see that everything is working amazing.
So we can see everything is working correctly.
And if you want you can go to the courses repository at the branch one.
Start here to check out the code.
In the next video we'll cover the repository structure.

--- Code Structure ---

Hey there Eden here.
And in this video we're going to review the repository structure.
Now we're going to organize our code.
So it would be readable.
It will be easier to maintain and to write testing.
So our application will be more robust.
And while this video series was inspired by the Link Chain Team's work implementing advanced RAC solution
with Landgraf and their tutorial, I had to make some refactoring.
Since the tutorial was more focused on a Jupyter notebook rather than a robust software that is supposed
to run in production.
Now, I always like to say that our repository structure should reflect our architecture, and in our
case, it's going to be our graphs architecture, the nodes and edges that will be implementing.
And most of our implementation is going to be in the graph package that will create and it will have
the graph py file.
And that's going to be where we're going to connect all of our nodes and edges.
We're going to have the state py file, which is going to have the graph state object that will be modifying
during the graph execution.
We also want to have a const py file for constants that we want to use in the implementation, and we
want to have a subpackage called nodes.
And it's going to have all of the implementation of the nodes that are going to run.
So in that package is going to have a lot of files where each file is going to be a node.
And we're going to have the chains package where each file in the chains package is going to be a different
chain, and it should correspond to the nodes that we're creating, because each node is eventually
going to run a long chain chain.
Now finally, we also want to be writing tests.
So I created a test package and I created a test chains file.
So here we're going to be implementing our test for the chains that we're going to write.
And finally we also want to write an ingestion file which is going to be holding all of the logic that
will download the information we want to index, and it's going to index it in the vector store.
Now, before we begin and create all of this structure, I just want to note that this is something
that works for me.
I'm not claiming that this is the best project structure for a graph application.
I'm just saying that this is something that works well for me, for my experience, and you'll see that
once we develop this application, it would be very easy to start and to improve it and to make this
application more robust with tests.
Or we want to make it more complex with more nodes and edges.
So this is just as an FYI.
All right.
Let's go to the code.
Now notice that the branch is two project structure.
So you can find here the final code for this video.
Let's go and create now a new package.
And we want to call this package graph.
We want now to create a new file in graph package and we'll call this file state py.
This will hold our graph state.
Now let's go and create another Python file and we'll call it graph.
And here we're going to write all the nodes and edges and connections between them.
Finally we want to create a const file for constants that we're going to be using mainly names of nodes.
And under graph we want to create a new sub package.
And we want to call it nodes.
And it's going to have all of our nodes implementation.
So each node is going to be a file in this package.
And every node is eventually going to run a chain.
So I want to create a new change package.
And here every file is going to be a new chain that should correspond to our nodes package.
And we're going to be running tests for those chains.
So let's create another sub package under chains.
And we want to call it tests.
And I want here to add now a new file.
And I'm going to call it test chains.
And this is going to have all of the testing implementation.
And I have to add that the naming convention here is very important because we're going to be leveraging
Pytest to orchestrate and run our tests.
And Pytest is going to be looking for directories, which starts with tests, and it's going to look
for test files with the prefix of test.
Let's now add a dummy test to this project under Test chains.
So I'm going to define a new function I'm going to call it test foo.
And it's going to not return anything.
And here I simply want to assert that one is equal to one.
So this test should pass.
And now I want to test that everything is working.
And Pytest is able to run the tests.
I will write in the terminal pytest dot to tell Py.test to run from the current directory, which is
the root directory of the project is to display from stdout.
Dash V is the verbose flag, which is going to show the tests that we ran in pytest, and we can see
that Pytest ran the test as we wanted.
It ran test foo from the test chains file, and now let's configure our runner to run our tests through
the PyCharm runner.
Let's go to the top right to Edit configurations.
Here we want to click the plus button and to add Python tests and to select Pytest.
And here we want to give here the um the directory to be the root directory here this is the script
path.
And the parameters is going to be dot dash dash v like we saw earlier.
And now if we'll take a look we have here test chains and we can simply um run it.
So let's go and run it.
And we can see we ran the test successfully and if we want, we can even see the exact execution.
So this is going to be convenient when we're going to be writing and running our tests.
Cool.
So we're almost done with the project structure.
Now we want to create another file under our root directory for our vector store ingestion.
And we'll call it ingestion.
And that's pretty much it.
We've now created the structure for our repository.
And in the next video series we're going to be implementing all of those files.
And we're going to be adding more files to this structure.
And if you want to compare your code or to even download it, you can go and check out the two project
structure branch, where we have all of what we saw in this video there.
In the next video we'll be implementing our vector store ingestion to chroma DB.

--- LangChain Vector Store Ingestion Pipeline (WebLoader, ChromaDB) ---

Hey there.
Eden here.
And as you know, before we implement an advanced RAC solution, we first need to index our documents
into a vector store.
So in this video we're going to be implementing the ingestion py file where we're going to load articles
into linked documents.
We're going to chunk them up into smaller pieces.
And then we're going to embed them and store it in Chrome ADB open source vector store.
And one quick disclaimer here in a JNI application and specifically in a react based application, and
here we're implementing a very advanced version of RAC.
Then the ingestion pipeline can have a lot optimizations in it.
We can optimize every step of this pipeline from loading the documents when we transform it and chunk
it, and up until we embed it, depending on the model we're using.
And in this project, we're going to be focused on the retrieval part rather than the ingestion.
So in the ingestion part, I'm simply going to go back to the defaults and I'm not going to do anything
special.
Simply chunk up the documents and load them into the vector store.
However, in the retrieval part we're going to be implementing with Landgraf very advanced techniques
for retrieval.
Alrighty, let's go to the code and let's start with our imports.
We want to import load dot env to load the environment variables.
We're going to be using the recursive character text splitter to split up our documents.
We're going to use web based loader to load the documents from the internet.
And we want to use chroma as our vector store.
And let's import OpenAI embeddings for the embeddings module.
Finally, I want to load the environment variables.
And let's create a list of URLs, which is going to be the URLs that we're going to be scraping.
So we're going to be scraping those kinds of Articles about generative AI.
And this one is discussing autonomous agents and all the cool topics of memory and planning and reasoning.
So this is one article.
The other article is about prompt engineering.
So we can see, um, yeah, we can see we have all the prompt engineering techniques zero shot, few
shot, chain of thought, react, etc. and the last one is going to be about adversarial attacks on
LLM security.
So how to hack prompt hacking all of those.
And those are the articles we're going to be ingesting.
All right.
Let's go to the code.
And let's first start by loading the URLs into link chain documents.
So I'm going to use the web based loader.
I'm going to plug in the URLs for each URL.
And now I'm going to have a list of linked chain documents.
So if we'll run this in debug just to examine the output of this, we can evaluate this expression.
And we'll see that what we get back is a list that every element in that list is going to be a list
that contains only one document.
That's the content of that URL loaded into a link chain document.
So we want to flatten that list.
So let's go and do that.
So we're going to iterate through the docs.
And each item here is going to be a sublist.
And each item in that sublist is going to be the document that we want.
So eventually we'll get the document list.
All right so let's debug and check out that we do have a document list.
And we want to evaluate this expression over here.
And we can see we indeed have a list with three elements.
And each one is a length chain document.
Cool.
So we've loaded our content.
Now we want to split it up into chunks.
And now we want to use the recursive character tag splitter.
We'll use the from Tik token encoder.
And we want our chunk size to be 250 with no overlap.
So just some basic text splitting definitions.
And lastly, we want to use the text splitter to split the documents in the document list.
So eventually we'll get from it a list of smaller chunks.
And let's run this in debug and see that we indeed have the documents chunked up.
Let's go and evaluate this expression.
And we can see we have a lot of chunks here, almost 200.
Cool.
So now we're ready to index them into chroma DB which is going to run locally on our machines.
Alrighty.
So we'll use the chroma objects.
It's going to have a from documents method which is going to take the documents which are going to be
the chunks we're going to call our connection name in our index rag chroma.
And we want to use the OpenAI embeddings.
And I think this will default to small embeddings.
Three and now we want to persist our vector store into our disk.
So we're going to add the argument of persist directory.
And I'm going to give it dot slash dot chroma.
So it will persist in that location under the root directory over here after it's done indexing.
And now we want to create a retriever object a Lang chain retriever from that chroma db.
And we'll initialize an object of the class and use the as retriever method in order to turn it into
a retriever.
So we'll be able to perform similarity searches, and we want to load it from the disk.
So we're going to give it the collection name we gave earlier and the persistent directory.
And of course to supply the embeddings function.
All right let's run it.
And let's see that we indeed index our documents and we create this subdirectory.
And we can see now we have the directory with the persistent storage.
Now I'm going to comment this because we don't want to index this.
Every time we run the program.
We simply want to load everything from the disk.
And let's go and let's run it again to see that everything is working and no errors.
And lastly, all of the code is available on the GitHub repository in the branch three ingestion.
So feel free to compare it and to even use this code in the repository.

--- Managing Information Flow in LangGraph: The GraphState ---

Eden: Hey there, Eden here.
And in this video we're going to define our graph state,
which is going to be passed around
during our nodes execution.
And this is going to be a short video
because it's pretty straightforward.
And as always, if you want to get the exact code for
what we're going to be writing in this video,
feel free to check out the Github branch of 4-state.
Alrighty, let's go to state.py and we want to start
with the imports and we'll import list and TypeDict.
And let's create the class of GraphState
which will inherit from TypeDict.
And this will include all the state that we need
for the graph execution.
And let's discuss before we implement.
Of course, we want to have the question in our state,
because we always want to reference it,
whether to determine if the documents retrieved are relevant
to the question or even to what's to search online.
We want to save the documents that are going
to help us answer this question.
So those are going to be the retrieved documents
or the documents that we get back from the search result.
And for that we're going to be saving
in a list of documents.
We want to have a Boolean flag
that will tell us whether we need to search online
for extra results or not.
And of course we want to have the generation field,
which is going to be the generated answer.
Alrighty, let's go and let's define those attributes.
So question is going to be a string, generation is going
to be a string, web search is going to be a Boolean.
And finally, documents is going to be a list of strings,
which is going to be a list of the content
of those documents.
And that's pretty much it. That's our state.
And if you want to check out the exact code, you are welcome
to go to the GitHub repository,
and go and look for the branch 4-state.
So you can see that under graph we have the state.py file,
and this is the implementation.

--- Fetching Context for LLMs: The LangGraph Retrieve Node ---

Hey there.
Eden here.
And in this video we're going to implement the retrieve node.
So this node is going to get the state.
It's going to extract the question that the user asked.
And it's going to retrieve the relevant documents for that state.
So that is going to be using our vector store semantic search capabilities.
And after this node we should update the state documents to hold the relevant documents from our vector
store.
Alrighty.
Let's go to our notes package and we want to create a new file and let's call it retrieve.
So let's start with the imports from typing.
We want any and dict for type hinting.
We want to import our graph state because that's the input for our node.
And that's what the node is updating.
And we also want to import the retriever from the ingestion file.
And by now the retriever is supposed to reference our local vector store with all the embeddings stored
already.
Alrighty, let's go and define our node.
And it's going to be a function.
And this function is going to receive the state.
And it's going to return us a dictionary.
So what to update in the state.
And we'll call it retrieve.
We'll print that we're retrieving will extract the question from the current state.
And we're simply going to use the retrieval dot invoke method with the question which is going to do
the semantic search and get us all the relevant documents.
And as a return value, we want to update the field of documents in our current state with the retrieve
documents.
And here, just in case, I also added the original question.
Note that I didn't have to do it.
This is just being cautious and that's it for this node.
If you want to get the exact code, you can go to the five retrieve node branch on GitHub.
And that's where you have all of the code you just saw in this video.

--- Building a Relevance Filter for RAG using LangChain's Structured Output ---

Alrighty.
So after we've implemented the retrieve node, we're going to implement now the document grader node.
So when we enter this node we have in our state the retrieve documents.
So now we want to iterate over those documents and to determine whether they are indeed relevant to
our question or not.
So for that we're going to be writing a retrieval grader chain, which is going to use structured output
from our LLM and turning it into a Pydantic object that will have the information whether this document
is relevant or not.
And if the document is not relevant, we want to filter it out and keep only the documents which are
relevant to the question.
And if not all documents are relevant.
So this means that at least one document is not relevant to our query.
Then we want to mark the web search flag to be true.
So we'll go in later.
Search for this term.
And this is a simple heuristic we're making here.
Alrighty.
So let's go to change package.
And here we want to create a new Python file and let's call it Retrieval Grader.
And this chain is going to receive as an input the original question and the retrieve document.
And it's going to determine whether the document is relevant to the questions or not.
And we're going to be running this chain for each documents we retrieve.
And we'll be leveraging structured output for this.
Cool.
Let's start with the imports.
We want to first import the chat prompt template.
We want to import from Pydantic base module and field and the chat OpenAI client.
And let's initialize the LSTM to be the default with temperature equals zero.
And now we want to create a new class called grade document which is a Pydantic model.
And it's going to have a single field of binary score, which is going to be a string which will be
yes or no.
And in the fields description, we want to write that documents are relevant to the question yes or
no.
So this is important because the LLM is going to leverage the description that we write over here to
decide whether this document is relevant or not.
So this will help the enforcement of the schema.
So we want binary score to be only yes or no.
So we'll take the LLM and we'll use the with structured output method.
And we're going to plug in grade documents class.
Now what is going to do under the hood it's going to use function calling.
And for every LLM call we make we are going to return a Pydantic object.
And the LLM is going to return in the schema that we want.
And it's important to note that the default LLM for chat OpenAI is going to be GPT 3.5.
And if you want to use with structured output, we have to make sure that our LLM supports function
calling or else it's not going to work.
And I highly recommend checking the with structured output function and to really see how blockchain
implements this.
Let's review the prompt we'll be sending to the LLM.
The system prompt you are a grader assessing relevance of a retrieved document to a user question.
If the document contains keywords or semantic meaning related to the question graded as relevant, give
a binary score yes or no to indicate whether the document is relevant to the question.
So now we want to use the chat from template from messages method.
And here we're going to plug in the system message.
And we're going to put here a human message.
And we're going to put a placeholder for the fetched document.
So this is supposed to be the document we want to figure out if it's relevant or not.
And we also want to plug in the original user's question.
And finally let's create the chain.
We'll call it Retrieval Grader.
And it's going to take the great prompt.
And it's going to pipe it into the LLM with the structured output.
And that's it for the chain.
Pretty straightforward.
And now it's time to write something.
And I love writing tests.
And I think it's a super important part of the software development cycle.
I think it's important to note that writing text for JNI and LLM based application is tricky because
first of all, we're relying on a third party and LLM that is statistic.
So the answer that we get are not idempotent.
So every time we send a request to the LLM the answer we get back is not guaranteed to be exactly the
same.
So that's reason number one.
Second because it's a third party then we don't really have control about the availability, the durability.
Availability of that third party application.
And we can get a number of errors like rate limiting like service not available or even internal service
error when we deal with third party.
And lastly, it will cost money because each invocation of the LM costs money, it costs token.
Now we can use cheaper models in order to integrate into our SDLC, or we can even use open source model.
But when we use open source models, we will have to handle all of the operations side.
So the deployment and the scalability and availability of that open source model that we're deploying.
So now I want us to put all those testing problems aside and let's go implement some tests for our application,
which is still better than nothing.
And even though we're not going to run it in a CI CD pipeline, we can run it manually and it will give
us a sanity check to see that our application is working and doing what it's supposed to do.
And lastly, I have to admit that recently all the new models, the top tier models, have become so
much better.
Judging by the quality of the answer, latency and cost, it's always getting better, faster and cheaper.
And I've even seen companies integrating that into their CI CD system.
Despite all the disadvantages I've noted before, and I have to say that there are ways to address and
to mitigate those disadvantages.
But we're not going to discuss them in this scope of this course.
So in the test file let's start writing the tests for this chain.
So I'm going to remove this boilerplate test that we have right now.
And let's start with a bunch of imports.
We first want to import load env to load all the API keys and such.
And we also want to import the grade documents class and the retrieval grader chain.
And of course, we also need the retriever to get us relevant documents.
Let's start with the first test case where this is a happy flow.
So we get a relevant document.
So we're going to call it Test Retrieval Grader.
Answer yes.
And here we're going to take our example question.
So it's going to be agent memory.
And we want to use the retriever to get us relevant documents.
And we're going to get the first documents that we find and take its content.
And this means that this document is going to have the highest score.
And I've accidentally put here the index of one.
You can put here 1 or 0.
All the documents in the beginning of this array should be relevant to this question.
And because we did populate our vector DB with documents that are relevant to agents in memory, then
this should be a document containing some information about agent memory.
And here we are going to invoke the chain and we're going to get back a result, which is going to be
an object of great documents.
Because I remind you, we're using the structured output, and the question is going to be our original
question.
And the document is going to be the document we retrieved.
And finally we want to assert that the result with the binary score is yes here.
Alrighty.
Let's go and run the tests and let's see what we get.
It should pass and we can see everything passed as expected.
And let's reverse the assert as a sanity check to see that the test indeed fails.
And we can see it fails.
So it's working as expected.
All right.
So final run just to see that it's still working.
And if we want we can even run it with the terminal by running Pytest dot dash s v.
We can see one test passed and it's the test retrieval grader.
Answer yes.
All right.
So now let's implement another test which is going to be called Test Retrieval Grader.
Answer no.
And here we're going to have a very similar implementation.
But instead of a question to be agent memory we want to switch it with something not related to the
retrieved documents.
So something like how to make pizza.
So we want to retrieve relevant documents to agent memory.
So we're going to use the retriever with that question from before.
However now when we're going to use the retrieval grader, we are going to plug in a different question
how to make pizza.
And we're expecting that the question here is going to be different than the document, which is going
to talk about agent memory.
And the answer should be no here.
All right.
let's go and run all of our tests again and we can see it all passed.
So our unit tests are working as expected.
Alrighty.
So we know that our chain is working as expected.
And let's now create under nodes a new file and let's call it grade documents.
And here we're going to write our node implementation of grading all the documents.
So to decide whether we want to filter them out or to keep them in.
So we're going to define a function which will receive the state.
And in that state we're going to have already the fetched documents.
We're going to iterate through all the documents.
And our grader chain is going to decide for each document whether it's relevant or not.
If it's not relevant, we're going to filter it out.
And finally, if we have found any document that's not relevant, we're going to change the web searching
flag to be true so we can go and later on search for that query.
So we'll have additional information since not all of the documents are relevant for us.
Alrighty.
So you can pause the video, copy all the imports and the function signature, and then we can continue
and implement it.
Cool.
So now we want to simply print out that we're checking the relevance of the documents.
And let's now extract from the state the original question and the fetch documents.
And we want to create a new list which is called filter docs, which we're going to append to this list.
Every time we found a relevant doc, we'll initialize a boolean of web search to false.
If we find any document that is not relevant to the question, then we'll toggle this boolean into true.
And now let's iterate through all the documents And for each document we want to call the retrieval
grader chain.
And we want to supply it to the original question and the document that we're iterating over.
Of course, we want to take the page content, and this will give us the score whether this is a relevant
document or not.
We're going to take the binary attribute of the score.
So it's yes or no.
And if it's yes, we want to append it to our filter docs because it's relevant to our question.
And if it's not, then we want to toggle the boolean to true.
And we want to continue and we're not adding it into the document list.
Finally we want to update our graph state.
So here we're going to put in the documents.
It's going to be the filter documents.
And the question is going to be the original question.
And we're updating the web search flag as well.
And that was pretty much it.
And we finished implementing the node of grade documents.

--- Implementing a Web Search Node in LangGraph using Tavily API ---

Alrighty.
In this video, we'll implement the web searching node.
We'll be leveraging the search engine, which is highly optimized to downstream search results, into
an LLM based application.
And to use Tavileh, we need to make sure we have in our dot env file the Tavileh API key.
Let's go to the code and let's add a new file under node.
And we want to call it web search.
And here we want to start with the imports to import typing.
We want to import the Lang document class because we want to convert the search results into a Lang
document.
And finally we want to import the search class, which is a link chain tool that runs the search engine
on the queries.
We will provide it.
All right.
So let's now also import the graph state.
And finally, we want to create an object of the Search results tool.
Let's initialize it with max results equals to three.
So we'll get at most three results.
And let's define our function.
We'll call it web search.
And it will receive the state and return a dictionary will print something just for debugging.
And we'll extract the question and documents from the graph state.
Now notice because we execute the web search node only after we grade the documents.
So it's after we filter them out.
So we're not supposed to have any non-relevant documents.
So all of the documents we're going to have in the documents list are going to be relevant for our query.
All right.
We're going to debug this file soon.
So I'm going to import the environment variables and make sure that I have my API key in my env file.
Let's add some if name equals main.
And we're going to plug in the question to the agent memory and the documents to be none.
So we don't want to put anything at the moment.
This is the scenario where we didn't find any relevant documents at all.
All right.
So now we want to invoke the search tool, and we want to invoke it with the query to be our question.
So let's debug it.
And we want to examine the results we get from Tavelli.
So because we limited the max results to be three, we're supposed to have here only three search results.
And we can see it right here we have a list of three elements.
And every element is a dictionary with the content key and the URL key.
And what we want to do is to take all the content from all the elements of this list, and to combine
them into one document of length chain.
So that's what we're going to do next.
Alrighty.
So let's go back to the code.
And let's stop debugging and let's add it.
So we want to iterate through every element on the list.
And we want to use the join function with backslash n to take the elements in the key of content and
to simply join everything together.
So we get only one huge string.
All right.
Now let's run this in debug.
And let's see that we get indeed this string.
And I'm going now to evaluate this expression.
And we can see we have one big string.
Now we want to take this string.
And from it we want to create a long chain document where its content is going to be this big string.
So I want to create a new variable called web results.
And it's going to be a document.
And in the page content I'm going to give the joint result.
And if we currently have documents in our state then those are relevant documents.
So we want to append to this document, list the document that is containing the web search.
And if not, then this means that we didn't find any document that's relevant, and we simply want to
put in the documents a list with one element, which is the web results.
And finally, we want to return and update the state of our graph execution.
So in the documents key we're going to put the documents.
And in the question we're simply going to keep the original question.
And that's it for the web searching node.
Very straightforward.
And the last thing I want to do in this video is to simply rename the file name.
So I will go and rename it.
And I simply want to add here an underscore.
So I'll call it web underscore search.

--- Creating the LLM Generation Chain and Node for LangGraph ---

Hey there, Eden here.
And in this short video, we're going to be implementing the generation node.
And the generation node is going to be the last node that is going to be executed.
We execute this node after we already retrieve the information, the relevant documents, after we filtered
out the documents that were not relevant to our query, and even performed a search for the question
that we want to answer.
So after we have all the documents, we can augment the original query.
And now it's time to generate.
So now it's time to simply stop everything and to send it to the LM to answer it.
So this is what we're going to be implementing in this video.
We're going to leverage the react prompt from the link chain hub.
We're going to define a generation chain and to create a node that will call this chain.
And of course we're going to be writing tests.
All right let's go to the code.
And we want to create a new file under our chains module.
And we'll call it generation.
And here we'll start with the imports.
We want to import the hub from the chain because we're going to download the prompt from it.
And we want also to import the str output parser, which is simply going to take our message.
And it's going to get the content from it and turn it into a string.
And we also want to import chat OpenAI.
And let's create an LM instance from it.
And now we want to pull the prompt from the LinkedIn hub.
And this is a very standard racket prompt.
That lens, smarting from the LinkedIn team, wrote, giving the LM the role of an assistant for question
answering.
Plugging in the context, which is going to be all the documents retrieved or web search that we saw
from the earlier stages, and of course, the original question.
So a very standard react prompt.
So we're going to be using that.
Our chain is going to be standard as well.
We're going to create a generation chain where we pipe the prompt into the LM, and then we pipe the
results into the STR output.
So once we invoke this chain with the documents and the question, we're supposed to get the answer
that we want.
Alrighty.
Let's go now and write some tests.
So first I want to import the pretty print.
And I want also to import the generation chain.
And now let's go to the bottom of the file and let's create a test called test generation chain.
And to be honest this isn't going to be an actual test that we are certain we're simply going to run
this chain on a topic and we're going to see what's printed.
It's just to give us a sanity check to see everything is working as expected.
So we'll be querying agent memory and we'll retrieve the relevant documents.
And now we want to run the generation chain with the context to be the documents we retrieved.
And the question?
The original question.
And let's run it.
And we can see it passed.
And it gave us some summary about agent memory.
So this looks fine.
And we can even go to locksmith and to check out what happened.
We can see we have here the retrieval.
And we can see the documents that we retrieved from this query.
And we can see even the documents content.
And we can see it's relevant to memory.
And if we go to the runnable sequence we can see the um the question that we asked.
We can see it right over here.
You're an assistant.
And then we plugged in the context and we gave it the question of agent memory.
And we got a response back which we output parsed into a string.
All right, let's now run all the tests just to see that we didn't break anything.
And we can see all of the tests pass.
So I love seeing those green fee marks.
Let's go and add a new file under nodes.
And we want to call it generate.
And here is going to be generate node.
And you're guessing it.
This node is going to simply take the question and take the documents from our state and simply run
the chain.
So it's going to be very straightforward.
So all of the things we're doing here we already saw, but the last thing we're doing is updating the
generation key in our graph state to be the generation the answer that the LLM responded.

--- Building and Running the Complete LangGraph Agent ---

All right.
So finally in this section we're going to build our graph.
And we're going to connect all the nodes and edges together.
So let's go to the code.
We first want to go to the init file under the nodes module.
So here we want to import all of the nodes we created.
So it's going to be the generate node the create documents node the retrieve node the the web search
node.
And we want to be able to import them from outside the package.
So that's why we're going to use the underscore all.
And here we're going to put the string names of those nodes.
So this will make all of those nodes importable from outside packages.
Alrighty.
Now I want to go to const py file.
And let's define a bunch of constants.
And all of those cons are going to be the node names that we're going to refer to in the graph.
And the reason we do this is to avoid code duplication.
So every time we'll reference the nodes we'll reference the const.
And if we want to change the name from some reason we will only need to change it in one place.
So that's why I put it in the const file.
So we defined the retrieve const with capital letters.
And the value is going to be lowercase retrieve which is going to be the name of the retrieve node.
Similarly to what we see on the graph of our right.
Alrighty, now it's time to go to the graph.py file, and let's finally build an orchestrator graph.
So we first want to start with the imports.
Let's start by importing load dot env to load the environment variables.
We also want to import from graph the add node and the state graph.
And we want to import all of our costs that we defined earlier which are going to be the nodes names.
And now we want to import all of the nodes we created in the earlier sections.
So we'll import the generate node, the greet documents, the retrieve node and finally the web search
node.
And finally we want to import the graph state which we created in the states py paid for.
All right, so if we take a look at the graph from our right, then we can see that after the great
documents node we have two edges.
One is going to the web search.
And this is if we found at least one document that is not relevant to the question.
And we have an edge to the generate node.
So this is if all documents are valid and are related to the question.
And this is going to be our graph conditional edge.
So let's go and define the function that will decide which node are we going next.
So it's going to output either the web search node or the generate node according to the conditions
we described just now.
So we'll define the function we'll call it decide to generate which will accept the graph state.
And if the web search flag in our state is going to be true.
And this means that we found a document that is not relevant to the user's query.
So this is the heuristic that in this case we want to search online.
So here we would like to return the web search node.
Now notice I'm returning the const.
And this is the name.
And if not and this means that all of the documents we retrieved were relevant to the query.
So here we want to return generate.
So the graph execution will move to the generate node.
And now let's do the easiest part which is connecting everything together.
So we'll create our flow.
We'll call it workflow.
And it's going to be the graph state graph where the state is the state we defined.
And we'll use the add node functions to add all of the nodes currently not connected.
So we added four nodes and they retrieve node is going to run the retrieve function.
Now notice that the retrieve name is lowercase like we see in the picture.
From our right.
We have the Great Documents node which is going to run the Great Documents function, the generate node,
and the web search node.
Let's now add the entry point to be the retrieve node.
So this is the first function which is going to run to retrieve the documents.
We then want to move into the Great Documents node.
So we'll add an edge between the retrieve node and between the Great Documents node.
And now we want to add the conditional edge from the great nodes to either web search or the generate
node.
So we're going to use the add conditional edge function from the great documents.
This is the source node.
The function which will decide which node is going to be executed.
Next is going to be decide to generate which we implemented.
And the third argument which is going to be the path map.
I'm going to put here a dictionary from web search to web search and from generate to generate.
And the reason I put it here is simply to show you that there is this option, and what this will do
if we put here other names in the values.
For example, if instead of web search as the value would put end, then this would be a simply different
mapping to go to.
So it's useful when the function you implement that decides which node to go to is not returning the
node names.
And again in this function we we implement it?
We don't really need them.
I simply wanted to show you that this option exists.
Alright, so after we execute the web search node, we have the results and we're ready to go to the
generate node.
So let's add the edge from web search to generate.
And now we want to add the last edge from generate to end.
And that's it.
We finished building our graph.
Let's compile it.
And we also want to print it.
We'll print it into graph PNG.
And finally we are done with our graph.
So now let's go to the main.py file.
And let's import the graph.
And let's invoke it with the questions of what is agent memory.
Alrighty, let's go and run this baby.
And from our prints we should see the graph structure.
So we can see we achieved the documents.
We checked relevance.
We saw which documents are relevant or not.
We saw that one document was not relevant, so we executed the external search.
We then went to the generate node and finally we had the response.
And the response we got was pretty good.
Let's go and check out the graph png.
So this is the exact graph we see from our right.
And let's go to lengths to trace our graph execution.
And let's take the last trace over here.
And we can see we have all the nodes that we executed from their order.
We can see.
For example let's take a look at the web search.
And we can see that we executed here with the search item of what is agent memory.
Alrighty.
And last thing, if you want to check out the code, please go and visit the GitHub repository in the
branch line graph and you should see the entire implementation you just saw there.
Updated with the latest line chain and line graph versions.

--- Self RAG- Intro ---

Hey there, Eden here and I hope you enjoyed the project so far.
And in this video we want to be adding end to end self rack and self rack is derived from the self rack
paper and is basically meaning that we are going to reflect on the answer that the model generated.
So we are going to take the generation and we're going to compare it with the documents, and we're
going to see whether the model hallucinated or not.
So we need to check whether the answer is actually grounded in the documents.
Now, if it's grounded, then that's cool.
And we're ready to the second step.
And the second step is to reflect on the answer.
However, now we want to reflect whether the answer answers the question that the user originally asked.
And if the answer is yes for that, then this means we can return the answer to the user, and if the
answer does not answer the question, then this probably means that we need to make a web search, because
we're not going to find any additional information in the vector store.
And if we hallucinated the answer so it's not grounded in the documents, then we want to regenerate
it again and to ground in the documents.
The answer.
So that's what we're going to do in this video.
We're going to implement it end to end.
We're going to write the chains.
We're going to write the tests.
We're going to add the nodes.
And we're going to add, of course, all of those conditional branches and see you in the code.

--- Self RAG- Implementation ---

Hey there.
This is going to be a longer video because we're going to implement the self rag paper end to end.
So it's going to be much easier now that we have the structure.
And we have been doing things very similar to this.
We can see the graph that we're eventually going to build on our end.
And basically what we'll do is we'll simply add conditional branching after the generate node.
So instead after generate to go to the end we'll add another layer of reflection.
And in this video we're going to implement the hallucination grader and the answer grader chains.
Both chains are going to reflect on the answer and to determine either whether the model hallucinated
the answer, and if the answer is not grounded in the documents.
And if the answer actually answers the question, the original question.
After we have that, all we need to do is to simply create the conditional edge that will run and trigger
those chains.
And you might be thinking, hey, why I'm not putting this into a note.
A note that will check grounding in the documents, and a note that will check grounding in the question.
Or maybe to have them both into a note and then decide what to do.
And the answer is, of course I can do it if I want.
However, because in this process, we do decide whether we want to finish or we want to generate it
again, or maybe to perform another search, then this heavily implies that we need to choose the next
step.
So obviously here conditional branching sounded more intuitively to me.
Alrighty, let's go to the code.
Alrighty, let's go and create a new file under chains.
And we want to call it Hallucination Greater.
Now in this file we're going to implement a chain that is going to determine whether the answer we get
back from the LM.
The generation is grounded in the documents.
So let's go and start with the imports.
We want the chat prompt template.
We want to import base model and field from pedantic and runnable sequence for type hinting and chat.
OpenAI.
Let's go and also initialize our LLM.
And we're going to do the same trick with the structured output.
So we'll create a class called grade hallucinations which inherits from the base model.
And let's give it a quick description that it's a binary score for hallucination present in the generated
answer.
Now it's going to have only one attribute of binary score which is a boolean, and the description is
that answer is grounded in the facts, yes or no because we set the binary score type hint to be boolean.
Then the length chain output parser eventually is going to Who cast the LM answer into a boolean.
All right.
So now we want to take the LM.
And we want to use with structured output method.
And we want to pass the great hallucinations class.
So basically the answer we will get back from the LM link chain will format it as the pedantic class
of great hallucinations which we created now, which is going to have only one attribute of binary score,
which is a boolean.
All right.
Let's create the system prompt for our chain.
You are a grader assessing whether an LM generation is grounded in slash, supported by a set of documents.
Give a binary score of yes or no.
And yes means that the answer is grounded slash supported by the facts.
Alrighty, now let's create the chat prompt template.
And for that we're going to be using the chat prompt template from Messages, which is going to receive
a list, and it's going to be a list of tuples where the first element is the row, which is.
Here is system, and the content is going to be the system message we wrote about.
And the second message is going to be the role of human.
And the content is going to be a set of facts.
And then we're going to plug in the documents, and then we're going to plug in the LLM generation,
which is what the LLM responded earlier.
We have all the moving parts for our chain.
So let's create the hallucination greater chain, which is going to take the hallucination prompt.
And it's going to pipe it to the structured LLM grader.
So eventually what will happen here.
We're going to get an answer yes or no.
If the answer is indeed grounded in the documents that we plug in.
Alrighty.
So let's go now and write some tests.
So we'll go to test chains.py file.
And here we want to add some tests to the hallucination checker.
So we first need to start with importing the chain and the Hallucination Grader class.
So now we are able to write the test function.
So let's define test hallucination grader answer yes.
And the question is going to be agent memory.
We're going to retrieve the documents.
So now we want to use the generation chain we already have imported.
And in the context we're going to give the retrieve documents which should have information about the
agent memory.
And we're going to plug in the question.
So the answer should be grounded in the documents.
All right.
So now we want to run the hallucination grader chain with the relevant documents we retrieved and the
generation.
And the result should be yes, because we sent valid documents and I see I got an error.
And this is because, um, my import above was before I loaded the environment variables.
So let's just change that and let's now rerun this again.
And we can see the test passed.
All right.
So let's now test the second um case where we do have an hallucinated answer.
So for that I'm going to create a new test function.
And I'm going to call it test hallucinations gradient.
No.
And I'm going to put here the exact content as before.
But I'm going to change the assert into no.
And now in the generation I'm simply going to put here some rubbish.
So let's put here for example a And the string of.
In order to make pizza, we first need to start with the dough.
So let's run it.
And of course we're going to expect that this test will pass.
That is that this is an hallucinated answer.
So we're going to have binary score equals false.
And it indeed passed.
And in line 62 we can remove it because we're not really using the generation.
So that's pretty much it for our tests.
Let's just run everything together.
So let's run all the tests just to have a sanity check that all is working.
So I'm going to select the test chains here and let's rerun all of the tests.
And we can see that all of our tests passed.
Amazing.
Alrighty.
So now let's create a new file and we'll call it Answer Grader.
Of course it's going to be under chains.
And here we're going to implement a chain that will grade the answer and will determine whether this
answer answers the questions or not.
Very similar like before.
Let's start with the imports.
And let's initialize data.
We'll create a class called grade answer.
And it's going to have only one attribute of binary score.
And this binary score let's give it in the field.
The description of answer addresses the question yes or no.
And as always let's go and initialize data.
And let's create this structured LM grader.
So this is the same LM but we use the with structured output and we give it the grade answer pedantic
class.
And now all we need to do is create a system prompt.
And here you are a grader, assessing whether an answer addresses and resolves the question.
Give a binary score yes or no.
Yes means that the answer resolves the question.
And finally we want to create the chat prompt template.
So again we'll use the from messages method.
And here we're going to plug in the system message.
We're going to give it the role of system.
And the next message is going to be a human message with the user's question plugged in alongside with
the LM generation.
So this is the answer the LM generated.
And finally, let's go and create the answer grader chain, which will take the answer prompt.
And we'll pipe it into the structured LM grader.
So eventually we'll get back here an object of the Great Answer class, which will have the information
of true or false, whether it answered the question or not.
So this chain was very similar to the hallucination greater chain.
So nothing new here as far as prompt engineering techniques.
So we simply use the structured output with the pedantic class.
All right.
So now we have the chains that will run the reflection of the generation.
And now we want to incorporate it into our graph.
So let's create a conditional branch.
So I'm going to switch over to graph dot pi here.
And let's go and import the answer grader.
And we want to import Hallucination Grader.
And we now want to define a function.
And this function will be the conditional edge function.
We'll call it grade generation grading documents in question.
Of course it will receive the state and it's going to return us a string.
The string is going to be which node do we want to go next.
All right.
So let's begin.
And first here we want to check the hallucinations.
So I'm simply going to fish out and extract from the state the question, the documents and the generation.
So this is all the information we have so far when we get to this conditional edge.
And let's go and run the hallucination grader chain.
And here we're going to run it with the retrieve documents, with the search or without the search and
the generation.
Now the response we get back has the attribute of binary score.
So let's go and call it the hallucination grade.
And if this value is equals to true then this means that there is no hallucination.
So we got the positive grade anyways.
So let's go.
If this is true then this means that the generation is grounded in the documents.
And if it is the case, what we want to do is to grade the generation against the question.
So whether it answers the question or not.
And for this we'll use the answer grader chain.
And again we're going to have a score which is going to have the binary score attribute.
And if this is equals to true.
So this means that the generation does address the question.
And here I want to return useful.
And I'm not going to return the end node.
I'm simply going to return the string useful because later I want to show you how to use the graph mapping.
And and this is what I'm going to output currently.
All right.
However, if the answer does not address the question but it is grounded in the documents, then we
simply want to return that the answer is not useful.
And if this is the case, then this means that the information in the vector store was not sufficient
to answer the question.
So we want to use external search.
We would like to execute the search tool later anyways.
And if the answer is not even grounded in the documents, then what we want to do is to say that it's
not supported.
And in that case, we want to regenerate it generated again from the documents.
All right.
So now let's create all the conditional edges.
The source node is going to be generate.
And from generate what's going to determine the next node.
Is the function.
Great generation grounded in documents in question.
However now we're going to add the third argument of path map which is a dictionary.
And here we're going to map not supported useful not useful.
The strings that we returned from the previous function.
But because they don't represent a node to go to they don't represent a real node name.
Then we are going to map them into the node names.
So not supported is going to go to generate because we want to regenerate after the answer was not grounded
in the documents useful, we want to go to the end node and return the answer to the user and not useful
will go to web search.
Since the vector store didn't have information well enough to answer the question, but notice that
the strings will return from the great generation graduated in documents and question function.
Then those strings are going to be what is going to be displayed on the edges.
So this is something cool and it really makes our graph even more explainable.
All right.
So let's go now and let's run everything.
So I'm going to go to Main.py.
And let's run this with the question what is agent memory.
Now here we're expecting to have sort of a happy flow.
So the answer is going to be grounded in the documents.
And that is going to answer the question.
So we can see here we have the new graph that was created.
And if we check the logs we can see exactly what is happening.
So the flow we just built and ran successfully.
So the answer was indeed grounded in the documents.
And the generation did answer the question.
So this is very cool.
And we have a very complex workflow right now.
And if we'll go to lengths to our project let's have a look at the last execution.
And we can see all of the nodes that ran.
And we can see at the end after the generate node.
Then we ran the grade generation.
So this is what A triggered the conditional branch that finally gave us the answer.
So you can see here the grade generation grounded in documents in question.
So it ran.
And two queries to Dlrm which decided whether it was the right question that we want to return to the
user.
And finally, if you want to check out the source code, then you are more than welcome to go and compare
it with the code in the repository.
So this is in the branch ten frag.
And you can check out and compare the files and um and continue from there.

--- Adaptive RAG ---

Hey there Eden here.
And in this video we're going to be implementing the final part of our section.
So we're going to be implementing a version of Adaptive Rack.
And Adaptive Rack is based on this research paper you see right here.
And to be honest, it's a fancy word of simply using a question router to route our question to different
rack flows.
So in this video we're going to be using two rack flows.
So the first one is going to be taking the route to search on the internet and then to continue downstream
on the same logic we have before.
And the second round is going to be to use the retrieval augmentation from our vector store.
So we're first going to take the user's question, and we're going to decide whether the information
is stored in the vector store to answer that question.
And if it's not we're simply going to take the route to web search and answer from there.
And the main thing we're going to do is to implement a question router chain, which will take the question
and decide whether we're going to route it to the web search or to the retrieve node.
We're going to be writing tests to this chain, and we're going to integrate it into our graph by using
the set conditional entry point.
All right.
Let's go to the code.
So let's go and create a new file under chains.
And we want to call this file router.
And this file will hold the implementation of our router chain.
So we'll start from the imports.
And let's import from typing literal.
And if you're not familiar with the literal type like I was a couple of months ago, then it provides
a way to specify that a variable can only take one of predefined set of values.
So this is very useful for validation and type checking.
All right.
We want to import chat prompt template as well because we're going to use structured outputs.
We want to import base model and field from the lecture library.
And also let's import chat OpenAI for our LLM.
Now let's define the class that we want to structure our output.
So we'll call it root query which will inherit from base model.
It will have only one attribute which is called data source and is going to hold only the values of
vector store.
In case we want to search the answer from the vector store, or it's going to hold web search.
If we don't have the answer in the vector store, and we need to perform some external search with Tavileh.
Now when we initialize the field object, if we put here the ellipsis here, then this means that this
field will be required once we instantiate an object of this class.
All right.
And let's also write the description.
And the description is given a user question.
Choose to route it to web search or to vector store.
So we finished with our Pydantic class.
So now it's time to start writing our prompt and to leverage the structured output from LinkedIn.
So we'll create our LLM And we'll create our LLM with structured output with that class.
So basically we are binding now this pedantic class to be called as a function call like we saw earlier
in this course.
And what's going to be interesting here is the system call.
You are an expert at routing a user question to vector store or web search.
The vector store contains documents related to agents, prompt engineering, and adversarial attacks
because that's what we indexed our vector stored with all those articles we ingested in the first video
of this section.
Use the vector store for questions on those topics.
For everything else, use web search.
All right, let's go now and create the prompt itself.
So we'll use chat prompt template from messages.
And we'll first plug in the system message.
And then we're going to plug in the human message which contains the question that we're going to plug
in once we get the user's question.
And lastly, let's go and let's create the chain.
We'll call it question router which will take the route prompt.
We'll pipe it into the router and that's it.
We finished with our chain.
And I hope you're ready because right now we're going to be writing tests to this chain which is super
important for our software hygiene.
And let's go to the file tests.py.
And we want now to import the router question chain.
So let's simply write that string and auto import it.
And let's go up.
And let's just move it after we load the dot env.
So we won't have any issues.
All right.
So now we want to import the um the route query class.
And let's go up.
And we can see we imported it.
And now it's time to write our tests.
So we're simply want to test that we're able to route it to once in the vector store and once to the
web search.
So the first test is going to be dev test raster to vector store, which receives nothing and returns
none.
And here let's put the question to be agent memory.
So it should route to it.
And now we want to invoke the router question chain and will end up with a route query object.
So we'll call it rez which is a route query object.
And it's going to be equal to the question router chain after we invoke it with the question to be agent
memory.
Alrighty.
So let's go now and assert that the data source is going to be equals to vector store, because that's
what we wrote in the prompt.
Remember let's run it.
And we'll wait to get a result.
And we can see this test passed.
Cool.
So now I want to copy this and let's go instead to call it Route to Vector Store.
Let's call it Route to Web Search.
And our question instead of Agent Primary let's write how to make pizza.
And this time this should route us to the web search node.
And let's run it.
And we can see it passed.
And just as a sanity check, let's go and run all of our tests.
And I have to admit, like every developer, seeing all of those green check marks is very satisfying.
So let's wait and and see that everything passes.
By the way, we can make optimizations to all of those tests.
For example, we can run them concurrently because they're not dependent on each other.
But um, we're not going to cover it now, maybe later in this course.
All right.
So all of the tests passed and we are pretty confident with our chain.
All right.
So let's have a look on what we're going to be implementing right now in our graph py file.
Eventually this is how our graph should look like.
We should start from the start node.
Then we should have this conditional branch which would either go to retrieve or either go to web search
depending on our router that we just wrote.
And for this we're going to be introducing something new in graph, which is called a conditional entry
point, which basically is a conditional edge with the first node of the entry point.
So this is basically going to be our routing.
And from them we've already implemented all of the rest of the graph.
All right so let's go back to the graph.py file.
And now we want to import the router and the router query chain from the router.py file.
So this is what happens in line seven.
Cool.
So let's now implement the root question function, which is going to receive the state and return us
a string which is going to be the next node to execute.
And you can see the illustration on the right.
All right.
Let's add a print that we are in the root question.
And let's fish out the question from our graph state.
Now we'll simply run the question router chain with the invoke method.
Plugging in the user's question which we fished out from the state.
And the result we're going to save into a source variable, which is going to be of the type root query.
Because I remind you that the question router chain returns this kind of object because we use the structured
output chain.
All right.
So now we have the result.
Now if the data source is web search we want to route it into the web search node.
So we'll simply return web search.
And if the answer is vector store, then we simply want to route it into the retrieve node to perform
the retrieval.
Augmentation.
All right.
So let's add the conditional entry point.
And for that we want to use the function set conditional entry point.
And now we want to add our route function that we just implemented.
And let's add the path map.
So web search is going to be mapped to web search.
And retrieve is going to be mapped to retrieve.
All right.
So that's it for the implementation.
Let's go.
And let's now run the code.
So I'm going to go to the main file.
And let's run it with what is agent memory.
So our original prompt from the earlier in this section.
So we can see that we are now starting to first route the question.
And now we decide to route it into the vector store and to perform the retrieval, augmentation.
And from then the flow remains, as we know already.
And let's wait for the final answer.
And we indeed get the answer that we want.
We can go to Blanc-smith, and we can check out all of the traces and all of the code that's running
now.
Note that we didn't add any other node here.
We simply added a conditional edge from our entry point.
And let's go to the code.
And let's change the query to how to make pizza.
And let's run it again.
So now we're supposed to root into web search and to start running traveling and to continue from there.
So you can see that we routed into web search.
Indeed.
And yeah, that's pretty much it.
And we got here the answer.
Alrighty.
So we are pretty much done with our advanced drag flow.

--- [Theory] Why MCP (Model Context Protocol) ---

Hey, they're eating here.
Let's talk about MCP model context protocol.
This is very hot right now.
Everyone on ECS are talking about it.
We're seeing tons of implementations of MCP servers.
We see a lot of people are using MCP within their AI apps like cursor, like cloud.
And the entire goal of what I'm trying to do is to make you become proficient in MCP.
So you know exactly what's happening under the hood, and you'll be able to use MCP servers and to build
MCP servers yourself.
So before we talk about why, I think it's super important to understand why do we need MCP.
All right.
So let's say we have an AI agent.
And we want that agent to be able to maybe send messages on slack, or maybe read and send emails or
make queries to a DB.
So generally we would need to implement those functionality.
So we would need for example, to see how to work with the slack API or the Gmail API.
And we would need to write some custom code that is going to be wrapped around as a tool, which we're
going to let our agent use.
Now most likely, For example, we would like even to write our own custom implementation to those tools.
For example, we don't want anybody to delete our emails, so we don't want to give our agent access
for the delete API in Gmail.
So the point here that we have some custom implementation that we are going to implement ourselves.
So we can do that, for example with a framework like LinkedIn, which also, by the way, comes in
with built in tools for Gmail, which have already implemented the entire Gmail API.
And we can use that out of the box in case we want something generic.
Anyways, the point here is that we would need to implement it ourselves, right?
So now our agent is able to send some emails, maybe to send some messages on slack or even to make
DB queries.
All right.
So this is working for our agent.
But let's say our agent is so successful that other people want to use it, maybe in their agents or
maybe on already existing ones.
So they really want to use the functionality that we wrote, right?
So let's take this example concrete and let's say that the agent is cursor.
So cursor now can send messages on Slack and Gmail and make DB queries.
Now what happens if other people, for example, in windsurf, want to use this agent?
So because we custom wrote it tailor made into cursor, if you want to integrate it into windsurf,
we would need to go and to work on that integration ourselves and to implement custom code that would
do it.
So it really adds up a lot of code that we need to write.
And if you want to add it to lovable or to bolt, or to a GitHub copilot, or to every AI code assistant,
we need to do it over and over again to write the integration to that custom agent.
And who wants to write a thousand integrations?
And MCP is going to solve exactly that.
And it really comes from a core principle in computer science and in software systems that if you want
to solve a problem, you simply need to add another layer of abstraction.
That is exactly what MCP is going to do, and this is how it's going to help us to support all those
types of agents.
And the idea here is that we are going to integrate only once into our MCP server.
And because all the other agents support MCP, The model context protocol.
Then they will be able to easily connect to our MCP server.
And in fact, we'll only need to implement our agent once with compatibility to the MCP server.
And then we can migrate to all those other agents which supports the MCP protocol.
So the agent that we wrote that was compatible with cursor is now also compatible with windsurf.
And we as the developers of the agent that is going to be used, we didn't need to add any logic.
And everyone who supports the MCP protocol can use our agent and we can integrate it seamlessly.
All right.
And this is like sort of like social media.
So if we have a social media application, if we have only a bunch of people using it, then we wouldn't
get really the value of it.
But if we have millions of people using it, creating user generated content, it's a huge flywheel
and provides a lot of value.
And this is exactly what's happening with MCP, because so many people are using it right now, and
there are tons of MCP servers out there.
And really the possibilities are endless.

--- [Theory] How LLMs REALLY Use Tools: Understanding Tool Calling ---

-: So in order to understand MCP in depth,
we really need to go back a bit
and to talk about the history of LLMs
and AI applications in general.
So let me remind you what are LLMs.
LLMs are simple token generators.
They're guessing one token after the other
and they're simply text generators.
And this is something which is not that obvious
because nowadays, with all the agentic behavior,
people think that LLMs have superpowers
and they can do tons of stuff,
and this is not the case.
LLMs can only output text.
Or maybe if it's multimodal LLMs,
they can also output pictures and other formats,
but they certainly cannot go and perform actions.
So those extra capabilities like searching the web,
performing deep research or invoking a Python function,
those are external tools that are integrated
into the application which is running the LLM.
So for example, in ChatGPT,
you use maybe the ChatGPT application in your desktop,
or you use the ChatGPT web application,
so it has the LLM wrapped inside an application.
Software engineers wrote those applications.
Let me remind you how tool usage works.
So tools like web searching is external code
that are not part of the LLM, that software engineers wrote.
So if you use ChatGPT and you toggle the web search option,
so the software engineers that work at OpenAI,
they wrote this functionality.
And how do we get this ad hoc behavior
of tool usage with LLMs?
So what's happening underneath the hood,
and this is probably what's happening with OpenAI
and all the other chat applications
that are leveraging LLMs,
is that we leverage tool calling.
So remember the LLMs are text and token generator.
So what happens here
is that we have a very fancy system prompt,
yes, this all boils down into a system prompt,
which instead, let's say in a question
like, "What is the weather right now?"
Instead of generating this answer
for those kinds of use cases,
it won't say that the weather right now
is 25 degrees Celsius,
but what it would do,
it would generate the text, get weather,
and open parenthesis with the arguments of the city
that we want the weather to, okay?
So instead of generating the answer for this
and hallucinating it,
because it doesn't have access to real world information,
then it simply generates the tool call, the tool invocation.
And this tool call is going to be
in a very specific format that the vendor designs,
which is going to be very easy to parse.
It's going to be easy to parse
the functions that need to be called.
It's going to be easy to parse the arguments
which we need to call the function with.
And there are many variations of tool calling.
Each vendor implements it differently.
But it all boils down into a very special system prompt.
And we reviewed in my launching course the react prompt,
which is an example of one.
And this is basically what's happening underneath the hood.
The LLM application, for example, ChatGPT,
then takes this output, it parses it,
and if there is a tool call,
it simply goes and invoke the functionality
that the engineers wrote.
So it can have, for example, a web search tool,
and the ChatGPT application
is going to be wrapped in a very special prompt
that is going to output, when necessary,
the invocation of a web search with the user's query.
And for example, if I would go and ask,
what is the stock price of NVIDIA,
it would go and generate the tokens
of search on the web, of web search
and query to be NVIDIA's stock price.
So after the ChatGPT application perform the tool call,
then it will generate another LLM call
with the result of that tool call
and the original user's query.
So this is the basic functionality
of almost every given agent.
And also, it's important to note
that LLMs are statistical creatures,
so they are guessing the token one after another.
So this tool calling, this tool calling mechanism,
which the LLM is going to output
the correct tool that we need to invoke
with the correct arguments,
it does not work 100%,
but it works a lot of the time
and most of the time, is actually pretty good
for agentic applications.
So to summarize, LLMs are simple token generators
and token predictors.
And tool calling capability is actually ad hoc behavior
that we add in the application layer.
So now, let's go back to MCP,
and MCP lets us focus on writing those tools
and exposing them in MCP servers.
So those tools that we write,
they can be used on all other applications
that supports function calling.
So they can be supported by ChatGPT at the end.
So they announced that they are going to support MCP.
They can be supported by the cloud desktop or Cursor.

--- [Theory] MCP Architecture ---

So before we dive into the components of MCP, let's talk a bit about the general architecture and the
goal of MCP.
And let's recap on that.
So the model context protocol supposed to standardize how applications provide context to LMS.
So context to LMS can be very thin.
So context can be additional information to the prompt.
A context can be maybe which tool to invoke.
And a context can even be the prompt itself.
And I know the last sentence sounds a bit funny, but I'll show you an example of it in later videos.
Once we have a standard that becomes popular, then we start seeing insane things that are being built.
So take for example, this MCP server that Eric Dickerson wrote to cursor.
And this MCP server is going to give the AI application which is cursor in this scenario to order food.
Now you can see in the prompt he wrote I want fika.
Where can I get kain Cane wool.
I have no idea what it is.
Actually, I don't know what thicker is as well, but let's see what it will get.
And this MCP server is connected to his Uber Eats account, so he gave cursor the capability in tools
to find the menu options, which he gets.
Then it goes and it's going to filter by cannibal.
And then it goes to get those results.
And then it's going to prompt the user to order it.
So it's going to say yes I want to order.
It's going to invoke the Order Food tool, and it's going to order this in this dish.
And let me show you what he got.
So this is a kind of pastry.
It turns out it looks delicious.
But the point here is that you can do insane things with it.
And here is the open source repo, which I will, by the way.
Link.
And because MCP is like the USB-C and let's say this MCP server is like an external device, we can
go and take it and connect it to another AI application like cloud desktop or windsurf and it would
work as well.
Now notice I'm not talking about summit 3.7, for example.
I'm talking about Cloud Desktop because Cloud Desktop is the AI application which uses under the hood
the models of anthropic.
It can be our own AI applications that we build, as long as we follow the protocol and implement it.
And we're supposed to see this in the course as well.
And this gives a very convenient way to plug and play to our AI applications.
Again, not models directly, but the AI applications.
So we can connect them and enrich them with external data sources and tools.
And we'll cover it later in this course.
Alrighty.
So let's summarize the advantages we can see in the documentation as well.
We have a huge list of integrations and tools and data sources we can plug and play to our LMS.
This is number one.
Number two is that really the core of AI application development is the fact that we are not coupled
to any LLM vendor or to any AI application builder.
So we simply need to write our tools that we're using.
And this is the core functionality.
And we can migrate and use them in different vendors, which is very convenient.
And by the way, link chain, the open source framework does this as well.
But I will make a video really comparing the two and seeing how they blend in together and what value
does each one give.
There are some problems in AI engineering that they both solve, but each one does it in a different
way.
Yet those ways that they solve those problems do not overlap.
So for example, the plug and play capability.
But we'll dive deep into this when we'll compare link chain and MCP.
Alrighty.
So in the next video we'll cover MCP, the model context protocol core components.
So let's list them.
Right now we have on the left side the MCP host.
So this is for example Cloud desktop an IDE like cursor or windsurf or any other specialized AI application
like an agent that supports the MCP protocol.
And those are the application we're going to augment with the MCP protocol.
So we're either going to give them external tools that they didn't have, or maybe connect them to a
data source that they didn't have access to, or even to specific prompts.
Cool.
So this is the left side.
And on the right side is what we're going to augment those applications with.
So it can either be some access to external tools like making a certain API call, like getting the
weather.
It can be searching in a database.
It could be knowledge and information like PDFs, like a lot of text.
And the list goes on and on and on.
All right.
And now it's time to talk about MCP servers.
And the servers are the component that will expose those resources, those tools, those prompts.
And they will be the proxy, the gateway however you want to call it that will expose that functionality.
And in order to expose that functionality.
So this is the actual protocol.
It needs to have certain methods in certain functions.
For example least prompts, get prompt list tools, call tool list resource templates, and progress
notification and we'll cover it in the server section once we implement MCP servers.
The point here is once we implement an MCP server, then we can basically connect it to any MCP host
that is supporting the protocol.
I mean, if I call it an Sapi host, this means it does support the protocol.
So this means we can write functionality once and then plug it to, for example, many, many MCP hosts.
So this is the big deal over here.
And this is what is so game changing.
Cool.
So in order to connect those MCP servers into the MCP hosts.
So for example, let's take the concrete example we saw earlier in the course.
We want to connect the weather map server into Cloud Desktop, and then we'll need to do it with an
NCP client.
So the NCP client and again we'll cover it in depth in the course sits inside the NCP hosts.
And it's going to be able to interact and to talk with the NCP servers.
And they're going to do this via the MCP protocol.
So this is the language that they're going to interact with.
And this is the protocol.
So it's important also to note, by the way, that there is a 1 to 1 connection between an NCP client
and an NCP server.
So you can't have an NCP client that talks to multiple NCP servers.
So NCP hosts, if you want to connect them with multiple NCP servers, then we'll need to have multiple
NCP clients inside them, and we'll talk about it in depth in the client section when we will be implementing
an NCP client.

--- [Theory] The GIST of the Protocol with Tool Calling ---

Hey there Eden here.
And in this video I want to show you the gist of the MCP protocol I want to cover.
What's the interaction between every component in the MCP protocol?
So how does the client interact with the server?
What's happening with the host and with the user and with the LM and how everything is playing together.
So let's start with the diagram that we're seeing right over here on the left side we have the user,
and the user is the one who's going to make queries into our application.
Our application can be cursor windsurf can be cloud desktop and can be our agent that we wrote or any
other agent which is deployed.
Then we have the LM.
So the application eventually is going to use an LM.
So it's going to make requests to and we have the MCP server here.
So the MCP server that we're going to be used that we're going to integrate into our application which
supports MCP.
Now you're wondering where is the client.
So the client is actually residing within the application itself.
And you can think about the application as the host of the MCP as well.
So we have here the app which is going to perform the role of also the host.
And it's going to also have the client.
And the client is going to be connected to an MCP server.
And in an app we can have multiple clients, and each client is going to be connected into a different
MCP server.
All right.
So let's start at the very beginning.
And this is when our application is loaded.
So this is when we fire up cursor or when we fire up cloud desktop or our own agent.
So the first thing that is going to happen we're going to make a connection to an MCP server or servers
which are supported and integrated into the app.
Now who is going to make those connections to the MCP servers?
It's going to be the client inside the host, which lives in our application.
So it's going to use the MCP protocol to initialize a connection, sending the messages back and forth.
The MCP server is going to say that it acknowledges the client, and we're going to set the connection
between the client and the MCP server.
And if we have multiple MCP servers, then we're going to have a bunch of clients making connections
into MCP servers here.
Now when we initialize a connection, the server is going to let the client know which available tool
does the server have.
And let me reiterate on this.
This is not only the tools, this is also including everything that the server exposes.
So it can be all the resources that the server exposes and all the prompts and all the tools that the
server exposes.
I'm using tools here just for the example.
If we're talking about the weather MCP server that we talked in the beginning of the course.
So here's going to be the alert tool and the forecast tool.
And the MCP server is letting to know the client which lives inside our application.
And our host is going to let them know which available tools.
So this is the interaction between the application and inside it, the clients and the MCP servers.
And we see this is happening even before we have a user interaction.
So this is when we fire up the application.
Once we do that, we finish the MCP initialization and we finish setting up our application.
So when a user is going to send a query to our application let's say cursor, then we are going to then
send that message with the tools that we have to them.
So because the application clients here, they know which tools the MCP servers expose, they're taking
the tools that the MCP server returned that are available.
And with the user query they are augmenting the user query with those tools.
Now remember in the previous video I told you about the special prompt.
So this is pretty much what's happening there.
They're taking the original user query and they're listing the bunch of tools that are available.
So now the Lem is not going to receive only the user's query.
It's going to receive the user's query alongside with the available tools.
So the LM now is going to respond.
It's going to respond with an answer, or it's going to respond with a tool call that needs to be invoked.
And remind you the MCP protocol is only working for tool calling LMS.
So the tool call is going to have which tool needs to be called and what are the arguments that we need
to call it with.
So we have all the information about what needs to be executed.
Now how do we execute that.
So and this is the key difference by the way between the MCP and between frameworks like long chain.
In long chain we execute everything in our application layer.
And we will take that.
And we're going to run everything inside the application.
Usually what's happening with MCP, we are simply sending the tool call to the MCP server.
So whether it's via Stdio or a server send event, we are sending to the MCP server which tool we need
to invoke, which arguments do we need to send it.
And the MCP server is going to run it.
So everything is going to run now.
The tool execution is going to happen in the MCP server.
So it's not going to happen in the application in the graph or cursor application.
It's going to happen in the MCP server.
And this is a big advantage because once we do this we actually decouple everything.
We decouple the MCP server and the tool execution from the agent itself.
So the runtime of the server is what's going to run the tool.
And this is going to help us if we want in the future to scale this out, maybe to deploy it on Kubernetes
or in serverless and to monitor it in a different system.
So this has a lot of advantages.
And we'll talk about this when we talk about system design later in this course.
All right.
So the MCP server is now executing the tool it used for example the forecast tool and got us the forecast
for California.
Then it's going to send back the response to the application here.
And and it's not really sending it to the application because it has this proxy of the MCP client.
So the MCP client is going to handle the sending of the request and the receiving of the request, and
the MCP client is then going to be integrated into our application, into our graph agent or cursor
or whatever.
So we got the answer from the MCP server.
And now in the application layer we're going to make another request to the Lem.
But it's going to be the user query with the response of the tool that was executed in the server.
And now the Lem is going to decide whether we want to finish or whether we want to make another call.
But let's say we want to finish.
So what happens?
The Lem sends its final answer and we receive it in the application layer.
And then we return it to the user.
And I want to note a very key difference between the Linkchain graph react agent and here the MCP flow.
And we have a bunch of things that are together.
And I want to note a very important difference in the Linkchain react agent.
If we take it vanilla then the tools which are executing are going to execute within our app, within
our agent.
And if we'll take that and we'll integrate MCP into our graph agent, then what's going to happen is
that we're going to run the tools in the MCP server.
So we have here a decoupling of the tools component into a different service.
And this is very useful.
It's very helpful when debugging when logging helper for cost.
It's helper for scaling.
And I believe it's a better architectural decision to run everything in the MCP servers.
And technically we can actually inside the graph tools, we can simply make dummy tools that will simply
make requests into a different service, and we'll get a very similar behavior.
However, the key difference here is that the MCP protocol is standard authorizing this, and it's going
to give us one interface in order to do things.
And this is something which is very, very cool.
And I want to list another advantage of decoupling the tools from the agents itself.
So the agent is going to be responsible for the orchestration.
When to call the tool, and maybe to make another tool call, or to return a prompt to the user asking
for feedback, whatever.
So we decouple the logic of the orchestration from the tool execution.
And by doing this decoupling, it actually gives us the point where we can actually update the server
dynamically and maybe deploy it a new version of it, and we can set up that.
The client is going to do this initialization not only once, but every once in a while, so that our
agent is going to receive tools dynamically.
And I think it's very cool and gives us the behavior of dynamic tool calling.
So we don't need to redeploy our agent because our agent is going to have multiple initializations every
once in a while, and it's going to receive the tools that it needs.
This is another advantage.
So I hope you enjoyed this video.
And in the next video we're going to implement an MCP client inside our agent.
And this is going to help us better understand these.

--- [Theory] MCP Servers ---

All right.
MCP servers are simply wrappers or interfaces that federate access to various systems and tools, making
them accessible to AI applications in a standardized way.
And they do this by exposing functionality through three primary interfaces.
The first one is tools, so model controlled functions that the AI can invoke when needed.
So we saw the example of the weather tool get weather, get forecast get alerts.
And they all boil down to functions.
So we can expose any functionality that we want because we can implement in that function everything
we want from reading data, from writing data to other systems.
We can do everything we want in the tools we have total freedom.
So the AI system and here we saw cursor and we saw cloud desktop or any other application it can decide
when to use those tools based on the context.
The second thing that MCP servers can expose are resources.
And resources are application controlled data that is exposed to the AI system.
So it can be static data like PDF documents, like text files, images, jsons whatever format you want.
But it can also be dynamic.
So you simply tell how to get those resources dynamically, and they don't have to be static.
And we'll see an example in the next couple of videos of static resources and dynamic resources.
All right.
And the last functionality that MCP servers expose can be prompts.
It prompts are user controlled templates for common interactions, and they are predefined templates
that the users can invoke.
This usually helps to standardize rise.
Complex interactions.
Now I know the resources and prompts may not be very clear right now, but I promise you, once we see
examples of them and this is really going to happen in the next couple of videos, will understand that
this is very intuitive and actually very elegant.
All right.
Let's talk about building NCP servers and what options do we have.
So first of all we can manually create an NCP server.
And this would involve us to write maybe a couple of hundred of Python code or Node.js code.
Second, we can also use AI to generate NCP servers.
And we'll actually do this in the course.
So tools like cursor or NCP generator are going to help us do this.
And we can also use community built NCP servers.
And right now there are thousands of community built servers which are open source, which we can clone
and we can modify if we want to.
And right now we saw an example of the weather tool weather map server.
And if you want we can edit it because we have the source code.
And lastly, there are official integrations from companies like Cloudflare like stripe which maintain
their NTP servers.
And I think this is very similar to link chain where each vendor or vector store vendor maintain their
own link chain packages.
For example, we have a link chain package for link chain, open link chain, Google vertex AI, link
chain, anthropic or link chain, pinecone link chain, chrome, ADB, etc..
So the same thing is going to be with NCP servers, where each company which have a product that they
want to expose and they want other people to use, they will maintain the MCP server.
So and they also open source it.
And this also gives the motivation to do this because it will increase usage of their product.
So for example when stripe is going to expose an MCP server and it maintains it.
It actually increases the usage of their product.
So the companies really have incentives to maintain and to write really good MCP servers.
And this brings me into a very important point I want to address.
Do not reinvent the wheel.
So in case we need to implement an MCP server with functionality of a third party service, we should
first check what kind of MCP servers the third party has implemented.
Most chances that they did implement an MCP server.
We can use or we can borrow functionality.
For example stripe.
I do not need to reinvent the wheel and to implement my own stripe integration, because the stripe
team has already made a pre-built MCP server.
And I'm telling you this so you won't be in a rabbit hole of implementing a bunch of MCP servers that
somebody else has already implemented.
And if there is a feature that is missing, I think it's a good idea that you would contact that third
party, for example, stripe, to see if they have it on their roadmap to implement the feature that
you want.
Or maybe they can implement something custom made for you.
So how MCP servers can be ran.
So first of all, they can be run locally via the standard input output channel.
And we saw this earlier in the course when we ran locally the weather server.
But they can also run remotely via server sent events or SSH.
And we'll also see in the course an example for that.
And they can also run as Docker containers.
And I might show this in the course.
Please let me know if you want this kind of content.
All right I want to talk about a final functionality that MCP servers offer us to implement.
And this is sampling.
And this actually allows the MCP server to request the host AI system, let's say cursor or cloud desktop
to generate a completion given to a kind of prompt.
And this is really powerful.
And this really opens the door for a lot of functionality, but also has some security implications
and privacy implications.
And we'll cover it in depth in the rest of the course.
And I want to touch the topic of composability.
So any application or agent can be both an MVP client and server.
And this really enables us to have this kind of multi-layered agentic application that allows us to
have specialized agents that focus on particular tasks.
All right.
Let's talk a bit about the future.
And the MCP ecosystem is evolving rapidly.
And there are a lot of cool developments that are going to come out soon.
So first of all, let's talk about registry and discovery.
And there will be a central registry API for discovering MCP servers.
So this is really cool.
And you can list your MCP server that you implement and let other people use it.
Another thing, we can have verification of official servers.
So because everybody can implement an MCP server and put it on GitHub, this really opens the door for
a supply chain attack.
So a malicious user can upload an MCP server calling it stripe MCP server, and actually put their malicious
code that will steal your data or even run malicious code on your computer.
So if we have verification of official MCP servers, this really helps mitigate this issue.
And I think in the future we'll have self-evolving agents that can discover new capabilities in runtime.
This is very cool in my opinion.
And let's talk even more about the future.
And I tweeted a while ago saying that website will expose their functionality and their content to agents.
So just like we have a robot.txt that helps search engines to index the website, then web applications
are going to help agents discover them and are going to help the agents navigate through their applications.
So this is what will be in the future.
And we'll have well known endpoints.
And this is a standard endpoint like a well known JSON for websites to expose their capabilities so
they can be used by MCP clients.
And we're going to see in the near future also support for authentication.
So support for protocols like OAuth 2.0 for secure access of external systems and also session tokens
for maintaining connections.
And really, we can really enhance the security of the MCP protocol by integrating this.
And once this will be implemented I will be diving deep into this topic.

--- What are we building? MCP Doc ---

Hey there.
Eden here.
And in order to fully understand the model context protocol, we need to go through a journey here.
Now, I think the best way is to first start by integrating a prebuilt MCP server into a pre-built MCP
client here.
So in the next couple of videos, we are going to use a pre-built MCP server, which is called MCP dock,
which Linkchain released, which is going to give us access to the latest and greatest Linkchain and
link documentation.
And trust me, those things change fast.
So instead of chasing for those updates manually, MCP dock is going to keep us plugged to the freshest
Linkchain docks automatically.
Now, in the client side, we're going to be using cursor, which has already an MCP client built in.
And the cool part is that we're going to do the same.
We're going to integrate MCP dock.
But this time it's going to be with Cloud Desktop.
So by the end of this couple of videos, we are going to be integrating a pre-built MCP server to pre-built
MCP clients.
Both components are going to communicate through the Model Context protocol.

--- MCP Inspector ---

-: Hey there, Eden here.
And in this video, I want to introduce MCP Inspector,
which is an open source project by the Anthropic team,
which came up with the Model Context Protocol,
which is going to help us
and enable us to troubleshoot, debug, and trace
and to see what actually happens in our MCP server.
And this is a super important tool
when building MCP servers,
which makes your life a lot easier developing them.
And this video is only a quick overview and an introduction.
And in the rest of the course,
we're going to see most of the useful features
of the MCP Inspector.
So MCP Inspector is an interactive dev tool
designed for testing and debugging MCP servers,
and it allows developers to inspect and interact
with the MCP server without requiring any installation.
So it can be ran locally from NPX,
and it has a bunch of very useful features
that are going to help us
once we develop and use MCP servers.
We can connect into an MCP server,
we can check out the Resources tab,
which will list all the available resources
and show the metadata and allow the content inspection,
which is very convenient.
We have a section and a tab on Prompts,
which will display the prompt templates,
show the prompt arguments,
and it will even allow us to enable testing
with custom inputs to the prompt templates.
And it also has a Tools tab,
which will list all the available tools, all their schemas,
and will even allow us to test those tools
with custom inputs.
We also have a Notifications pane,
which will present logs and notifications from the server.
All right, let me show you this in action.
And here I'm going to connect to a server
running in my local host,
and I'm going to use an SSE server, not an STDIO server.
Anyways, let's click Connect and this server exposes tools.
So let's go and check out the tools
and let's go and list first all the tools.
And this specific MCP server is a documentation MCP server,
which help us to fetch dynamically the latest
and greatest documentation of famous packages.
So do not worry about what exactly does the server does,
but I want to show you the functionality
of the MCP Inspector app.
So here you can see after we listed the tools,
we have here two tools.
One is list document sources.
We can even run the tool
and we can see what output do we get.
And the other is fetch docs.
So I can paste here a dynamic input.
Let me just fix the input here.
And we can see the result of executing this tool.
So this playground is very useful for debugging the tools
and to see that our MCP server is working correctly.

--- LLM.txt ---

Instructor: Llms.txt is a standard file,
which is designed to help LLMs and AI agents
to better understand and process website content.
So this file typically is placed
in the root directory of a given website
and provides a concise summary
of the site's most important content and structure
in a machine-readable Markdown format.
So the purpose of this is to give
those AI systems, like ChatGPT, LLMs, like Google Gemini,
or your application-based AI agents
to process the web content
more accurately and more efficiently.
So the format is usually a Markdown file,
and the content will include the URLs
to the important pages of the website
with a brief description of each page content
and the purpose of that page.
And it may have an optional additional information.
Now, the benefits of using llms.txt,
it will improve the AI accuracy
when extracting the information from the website,
so to downstream that information makes it very, very easy.
It also enhances the content discoverability
of LLMs with the website content,
so the website owners have an incentive
to really create this file.
It also provides obviously better context
for understanding the website structure
and can even improve the SEO
by making the content more accessible
for AI-driven search engines.
And while it's not an official standard,
llms.txt is gaining massive popularity
in the GenAI community.
The page we are seeing right now
is in the LangGraph official documentation.
You can simply head up there and go to llms.txt,
and the LangChain team has even taken this one step ahead.
So they have two types of llms.txts.
One is a regular one, like we saw earlier in the example,
and the other is llms-full.txt.
Now, they have both for the LangGraph documentation
in Python and also in JavaScript.
So what's the difference?
The difference is that the llms.txt
is only going to include the URLs and a short description
while the llms-full.txt is going to be all the information
and all the texts of those pages.
So, it's going to be a huge file.
Now let's talk about the use cases
and when to use the llms.txt
and when to use the llms-full.txt.
So I'll use the llms.txt, the brief one,
when, for example, I have an AI agent or an MCP server,
which has the web scraping tool, like Firecrawl,
which enables us to download the content of a website.
So once we have it,
we have in the context all the mapping of the website,
and we know exactly which one to download.
So in case, for example,
we need to download the content about LangChain memory,
then we can simply go and give it in the context,
and the LLM would be able to choose the tool
with the correct URL to download only the memory.
So we'll download,
and we'll retrieve only the information that we'll need,
kind of similar like Rack.
And this is very cool,
and this really enhances the quality of agents
which can get information in real time,
if those websites have llms.txt implementation in them.
And don't worry if it sounds too abstract.
In the next video,
I'm going to show you hands-on
how to go and how to use llms.txt and how to use MCP
in order to get really good information
and really enhance your application's answers.
And it's going to fetch that information in real time,
so this is the key point here.
Now, the llms-full.txt,
it's going to have much more information.
It's going to be a huge file with all the information in it.
Now, when and how to use that,
we can simply download it,
and if we'll chunk it ourself
and index it into our vector store,
we can get very similar functionality.
If we're using LLMs with large context,
we can even send the entire thing.
Or if those LLMs have context cache,
we can cache this information.
Now, there are advantages and disadvantages
for using llms.txt and using llms-full.txt.
So if we want to use the abbreviated version, the llms.txt,
with only the brief information and the links,
then the usage pattern of this is usually
by using an agent with a scraping tool and a search tool.
So once we do that,
we are going to get real time information,
so that's one advantage.
However, it's going to take us a bit more time
because we first need to download this page
and to fetch it with the URL scraper.
We then need to process it with an LLM,
then the LLM will tell us what we need to download.
So then we need to make another fetch
and to download another file
and another web page content and to process that,
and only then we'll get a result.
So while we're getting realtime information,
because it's going to fetch the information dynamically,
the latency is going to be a bit higher.
And by the way, don't freak out
about the demo I'm showing you right now,
we're going to implement this hands-on in the next video.
So it's really cool,
and it's a very cool pattern you should be familiar with,
and it's going to use MCP.

--- mcpdoc ---

Instructor: All right,
so I'm in the MCP doc official GitHub repository,
and here we have an explanation and diagram
of how this MCP server works and what does it actually do.
It's going to leverage llms.txt of documentation
of public documentation of packages,
for example, LangGraph has one
and it's going to help our agent,
whether it's Cursor, Windsurf or Claude desktop,
going to give them the ability
to fetch the most up-to-date documentation.
So this is very useful
because you know, documentation of open source project,
especially in the generative AI field,
they change constantly.
And if we'll index them manually, then what will happen,
they will get out-of-date very, very quickly.
So this actually gives us the ability
to fetch them dynamically
because we're going to scrape them
from their official website,
which is supposed to be up to date.
So how does it really work?
So first it has access to this llm.txt tool,
which has a bunch of URLs
and explanation of what do those URL represent,
which topic do they cover.
And if we'll take an analogy to a book,
it's going to be the first page of the book with the index
of every chapter and a quick explanation
of what does this chapter cover.
So this is the first step of the MCP server.
The second step is to figure out which URL
do we need according to the user's question
and then to fetch that relevant information
by simply making a curl request.
So if we'll use this MCP server,
no more stale documentation.
So to run this MCP server, it's implemented in Python.
So we'll download UV if you don't have it installed.
And now we want to go and open the terminal,
clone this code here and install the dependencies.
So let's go and do that.
So let me go here and let me open the terminal.
I'm going to go to my directory of my MCP servers
and let me just go and clone that.
So we're simply cloning the code
of the repository we just saw.
All right, let's go and cd into it.
And now let's go.
And according to documentation, let's go and install
the dependencies because it's using UV.
So first I'll create a virtual environment
and I'll activate it so you can see
now on the left side here we have mcpdoc.
So this is my virtual environment.
Now we need to install the dependencies
in all the relevant packages.
And by the way, all the dependencies
are going to be described in the UV.log file over here.
Alright, so all of them installed
and let's go and take the UV path.
And I wrote which UV in order to give the full path
of the UV execution file.
So let's go back to the docs and let's first test
and have a sanity check of this web server.
And here we have the command to run it locally
with an llm.txt of our choice.
And here it's using the LangGraph llm.txt
that we showed earlier.
So let me just copy that and paste this command over here
and it should run locally the MCP server in port 8082.
And we can see it's running.
All right, let's create another instance of terminal.
And here we want to run MCP inspector
to debug a bit this MCP server.
And let's go down in the formal GitHub a repository here
and we're going to have here the command to run inspector.
So let's go simply paste it NPX
and to run the inspector, I'm going to click Y
to install the dependencies.
Let me just fast forward this a bit
'cause it can take a couple of minutes.
Alright, so we have on port 3000, the MCP Inspector.
So now we want to connect to our SSE server,
which is running on port 8082, which is currently running.
So let's go and click connect
and let's check out the tools that this MCP server exposes.
Going to click here on list tools
and we have here two tools, list doc sources,
which is going to show us what is the URL
to the llm.txt file.
So we can then make HTTP request and fetch the information
and scrape that page.
So you can see this is the URL over here
and the other one is fetch docs.
Let me try this with the llm.txt,
which is going to receive a URL
and it's going to retrieve all the content
from that URL by scraping it.
And what we can see here is the content
of the LangGraph llm.txt file that we scraped
with the fetch doc store.
And we can see here all the URLs from the llm.txt
and the agent is going to then extract those URLs
and it's going to run the fetch docs for those URLs
to get the relevant documentation dynamically.
Cool.
So let's go now and integrate everything
with Claude desktop.
So I'm gonna go to settings
and I'm going to show you that I don't have
any MCPs configured right now.
So you can see my MCP servers is empty
and I want to show you
what is going to be without this MCP.
So I'm going to ask a question, what is LangGraph memory?
So now Claude Desktop is going to answer
from its trained data
and what it has on memory on LangGraph.
So notice it may seem like a correct response,
but eventually this response is not grounded
in real time data and in the latest
because it is dependent on the data
that the model was trained on.
Alright, let's continue the generation
and let's check out the response.
And by the way, this response actually may seem okay,
it will go stale very, very quickly,
especially when the rapid pace of LangGraph
and LangChain packages are being updated.
Cool.
So now we want to add to Claude Desktop,
the MCP server we just ran.
So let's go again to settings and to developer
and open the MCP settings config file.
And here we want to paste in the snippet from the repo
telling the client how to run this MCP server.
So let's scroll down a bit
and we got this snippet over here
and let's simply go and paste it.
Here we are running our server with UVX and the arguments
we're going to tell it to run it
from the MCP doc directory.
The URLs that are going to store the llm.txt
are going to be for the LangGraph documentation over here.
We can change it if we want.
The transport layer is going to be via stdio
and the port is going to be 8081.
And notice that the transport layer
when we ran the server earlier was SSE,
but now we change it to stdio.
So both will work.
Now it's time to restart Claude Desktop.
And let's see if our MCP server got loaded.
And we can see we have some errors here
and for some reason we can't run UVX.
So we get an ENOENT error
and we can open the error logs, have some indication
of what went wrong and if we'll scroll down a bit,
we can see that we have a problem running the UVX command.
So to do that, I'm going to go back again to my repository.
I'm going to activate my virtual environment
and I'm going to run the command which UVX
to give the full pass of the UVX executable.
And I'm going to put that over here.
And now let's go and let's restart Claude Desktop again.
All right, so it seemed to load the MCP server
and if we'll click on the icon right over here,
we can see we have the llm.txt MCP server.
And as a sanity check, let's go and check out the settings
and the MCP server we have here to see
that everything is okay and this looks fine.
And let's try to run what is langgraph memory?
Now we can see from the response
that nothing really changed here.
So I have an issue with my MCP server
and clicking on the tool button here shows the tools
that our server exposes.
And this looks fine.
And after debugging it a bit offline,
I figured out that when running the UVX command,
I needed to specify the absolute path
to where the code is stored
because I don't know from which directory it's being run.
So I want to give the absolute path here.
All right, so let's go and restart Claude
and let's see if it fixes the issue.
Let's now write what is LangGraph memory.
And boom, we can see now we are trying to activate
the tool here.
Now notice the tool we're trying to run here,
Claude Desktop, the agent is trying to run
the list doc sources tool.
And because we initialized this code
with the LangGraph documentation,
so that's the built-in URL when we initialize the server,
we are not running it with any arguments
and we can see now the results that we got from this tool.
So here we got that the LangGraph URL,
the URL to the llm.txt is this here URL.
And now the next tool that should run
if everything in the agent is working correctly
is going to be to scrape that URL data.
So let's go and see what happens.
And cool, now we're trying to fetch the documentation
with the URL we got from the previous tool.
So you can see that the URL we're passing into this tool
is going to be the LangGraph llm.txt
So I'm going to allow it
and we're going to scrape the information from there
and we're going to see all the information
from the llm.txt.
So let's go and allow it.
And here we can see the result,
which is the content of the llm.txt, which we script.
So the content here is simply the topics
and the URLs for those topics.
I'm not going to show everything here,
but the next step that the agent is going to do,
it's going to find the relevant URL that we need to scrape.
So the URL that talks about memory
and it's going to scrape that URL again.
So let's see if it invokes now the fetch docs tool again,
however, with a different URL.
And you can see this is exactly what's happening here
and we are going to scrape now
the langgraph/concepts/memory.
So let's go and allow it
and get the content, real-time content, this time of memory.
So now it's going to fetch the information
and here we have now the summary
of what's LangGraph memory, however, this time
it's grounded in real time information
from the official LangGraph documentation
and we got it in real time with the MCP server.
So this is very cool
and it helps us ground our answers in the real,
real time documentation.
Very cool in my opinion.

--- Boilerplate ---

Hey there.
Eden here.
And this is a setup video for our boilerplate skeleton for our project.
So we're going to implement now the MCP link chain adapters.
And we're going to learn a bunch on MCP clients.
So in this video we'll create a new project with UV.
We'll create a virtual environment and we'll install our dependencies there.
And then I'm going to commit it to GitHub.
If you want to start from after I'm committing here this code and have the exact code that I have,
then you can simply go and run those commands over here.
So this is going to clone the repository of the course.
It's going to clone the project slash LinkedIn MCP adapters branch.
And after we do that we want to go and CD into the Linkchain MCP adapters where all the code here.
And then we want to check out a commit that I used here.
So this commit has all the code in this video.
And don't worry about copying this command.
You can download the exact command.
I'm going to link it in the video resources.
So this is in case you do not want to start from zero like I'm doing.
All right.
So I'm going to start and go to my GitHub projects and let me clone the repository of the MCP crash
course.
And the URL is going to be listed in the videos resource.
So don't worry about it.
All right.
So I cloned the repository and let's CD into this repo.
And currently I'm on the main branch.
And let me show you it.
And we want to create now a new branch which is going to be for this project.
So let me go write git checkout and I want to write dash dash orphan to make it detached from my original
repo.
And let's call it project slash link chain MCP adapters.
We created the branch and we're on the new branch right now.
Let me show you now the current working directory of the project.
And now it's time to see what files do we have here.
So we see we have a bunch of files.
And you're probably going to see the repo where it's much more organized.
So don't worry about the files here.
What we want to do is to remove those files and start from a clean slate.
So let me go and do that.
So let me write here git rm rf dot.
So this is going to remove all of those files not to track them.
And right now we don't have anything.
And I listed all the files and I don't see anything here.
So this is our starting point.
We have a new branch and we don't have any files here.
Alrighty.
So let's go and initialize our project with UV.
So I wrote uv init, and we have now a bunch of boilerplate files that we can work with.
We can see that the files that were created is a empty readme main.py and a pyproject.toml file.
Cool.
So now I want to open the cursor IDE and this is now our working station.
So let's go and open up terminal.
Let's now create a virtual environment.
I'll write UV Venv.
And now we have a new virtual environment.
You can see we have a venv here.
And let me now source it and activate it.
So I'm going to copy here the script.
And now you can see on the left side we have MCP Crash Course inside parentheses.
So this is our virtual environment.
And by the way if I'm going to exit cursor and open it again then it should automatically activate the
virtual environment.
You can see here on the left side.
And if not you can simply activate it like before.
Anyways, let's go now and let's install our dependencies.
And if I will go to the link Chain adapters repository.
And we can see here in their example we need a bunch of packages.
We need the link chain MCP adapters package lang graph package and link chain OpenAI.
And notice we are not installing explicitly the MCP package because when we install the Lang chain MCP
adapters package, it installs it automatically.
Alrighty.
So let's go and let's copy now those packages and let's add them with UV.
And after we install them let me also add python dot env package to load up environment variables.
And and if it's not already installed as part of their dependencies.
So let me go and add python dotenv and we can see it's already installed.
And let's see the toml file.
And we can see now those are the dependencies that our project needs.
And if we go and head up to UV dot log file here we have the exact version of all the packages in our
virtual environment that we need for the project.
And for example, here I installed LinkedIn core.
Right now the current version is 0.3.5.
One of LinkedIn core.
And when you install it you might have different versions, probably newer ones.
And I'm going to keep this repository and videos up to date.
So unless there are breaking changes I'm going to leave it that if they are I will update this video.
Alright, so let's go to our main.py file and let's go and try to run it.
Let's see, just as a sanity check that everything is working and I'll run it with you've run Main.py
and notice we're inside the virtual environment.
So it's going to contain all of our packages.
All right.
So let's go and run it.
And boom we get the output that we want.
What a beautiful program.
Alrighty.
So I want to make it async.
So I turn this function into a coroutine with the async keyword.
And now in order to run our main file I need to run it with async IO run.
And I love these cursor autocomplete.
I'm simply pressing tab tab tab and it completes me.
And I forgot to import async IO.
So let's do that.
And let's go now and run the code again.
And we can see it's still working.
And this is a good sign.
And I want to create now a dot env file to hold our environment variables.
Because we're going to be using an LM.
So I'm going to use a managed LM.
And let me paste here the values of my environment variables.
And by the way don't worry about the values here of me exposing them.
Um I'm going to revoke it right after I finish exporting this video.
Anyways, I'm using OpenAI right now, but you can use any LM you want that supports function calling.
So you can use anthropic sonnet.
You can use Gemini.
By the way Gemini has a free tier.
So you can use it as well.
And you can use deep sea or any other LM which supports function calling.
So the first environment variable is going to be our OpenAI API key or our API key?
Now the other four API keys you can see here of linked chain.
They are for the link Smith tracing.
So we can actually trace the LLM calls and see exactly what's being sent to the LLM.
And what do we get back.
So I think it's very important to understand it's not a must for you.
So if you do not trace it you simply need to put the link chain tracing V2 equals to false here and
it should work.
And if you are using simply go to the link chain platform and generate the API key.
From there.
Let me know if you wanted to make a video on that, but I'm assuming that you know how to do it anyways.
So I put my API key, I put the endpoint and I call the link chain project MCP test here.
So even though I did revoke now the API keys so you can't actually use them, I want to add here another
file, let's call it.
Gitignore.
And I want to not commit the file to the repository.
So let me just write here And this is simply going to ignore the dot env file.
And you can see it's also grayed out here.
So git is not going to track this file.
And I'm not going to accidentally upload it to my repository.
All right.
So let's go back to the main.py file.
And now we want to load those environment variables and to see that everything is working correctly.
So we can continue.
And to write our actual code and write our first MCP client.
So I'm going to import from env the load inv function.
And I'm going to call it right before my code runs.
And as a sanity check let's go and print the OpenAI API key just to see that we actually loaded it into
our environment variable.
And let's go and try to run it.
And we can see we forgot to import the OS module.
So let's do that and rerun it.
And boom we can see now our API key and our environment is indeed loaded with the correct values.
So that's pretty much it for this video.
We have all the boilerplate code.
And from now on we can go and we can implement our MCP client.
So let me simply go and add everything and let me go and commit it into our repository.
So now we are tracking all the files we created.
And let me show you one of my favorite cursor features where you simply go and generate automatically
with AI the commit message.
And let me go and commit this code here.
And now let me go and push it into the repository.
Oops.
I need to set my upstream repo here.
And now we should see the code available on GitHub.
So let's go to GitHub.
And if I'm going to select now the branch of project slash MCP adapters.
And let's go and click that.
We can see now all the code that we just wrote.
We can see the main.py file, the UV log, the pyproject.toml file and everything.

--- Servers ---

Cool.
So before we write our MCP clients, we want to first write our MCP servers.
So we'll be able to connect them to our clients.
And we're going to write two very simple MCP servers.
One is going to expose mathematic tools to add numbers and multiply them, which is going to communicate
via Stdio.
And the other server is going to be a very dumbed down weather server, which is simply going to output
that.
It's very hot outside.
But the interesting fact about this server is that it's going to communicate via SSH server sent events.
And this is the first time we introduce how to do that.
And I'll give you a very quick spoiler.
It's going to be very easy.
All righty.
So let's go and create a new package.
And I'm going to call it servers.
So this is now a new directory.
And let's make it a package by creating an empty underscore init.py file.
So this is now our servers package here.
And now I want to create a new file which I'm going to call math server dot Pi.
And here we're going to have the implementation of an SMTP server, which exposes two tools, one to
add numbers and the other tool to multiply those numbers.
And by the way, when making this course, I started by naming this file math.pi and eventually what
happened?
It turns out that it collided with the built in math package in Python, and it really took me some
time to figure it out.
And once I gave up, I simply dumped my error to cursor and it was able to point that out.
So the TLDR here called this file math server.py, because this is a very simple amqp server, and we've
already done how to do very similar things.
I'm simply going to copy paste it from the LinkedIn adapters repository, and we can skim this implementation
here.
And this is a very simple implementation.
But what's important to note is this transport layer which is stdio.
All right.
So let me copy that and let's go to cursor and paste it.
And let's try to run it now in our terminal.
And I'm going to do it by running UV run server math server dot pi.
We can see that it is running successfully with this blinking square over here.
All right.
So let's now create the second server which is going to be a server which outputs the weather.
But it's going to be a very damped version of the server.
And it's always going to output that it's hot as hell.
So maybe it's going to be relevant only for Dubai.
And here's a clip from me in Dubai.
But the cool thing about this server, and this is the first time I was covering it, it's going to
be a server which the transport is going to be via SSH.
So it's going to be a server sent event MCP server.
And this means that the communication between the client and the server, it's not going to happen via
Stdio.
It's going to happen via HTTP.
And the client is going to make http post request to the server.
And of course we don't really need to handle this communication over here.
We get this out of the box when we use the MCP SDK.
Just need to specify to the server that we want that the transport to be SSH.
And this is super easy.
It's just a flag that we pass when we run the server.
Alrighty.
So we're back in cursor and we want to create a new file.
And let's call this file weather underscore server dot p y.
And it's going to hold the implementation of our weather and CP.
And let's go back to the link chain MCP open source.
And let me copy this dummy server they have here.
And I'm going to copy it.
And we can see it's a very simple implementation of a server which exposes the Get weather tool.
And it's going to return always the same static string.
So just for the fun, let's go and change the string.
And let's say that it is always hot as hell.
Sorry about that.
Let me just correct it to hot as hell.
All right.
So now we are done with the server.
And the important thing to notice is that transport here the transport here is SSE.
So this is how we communicate with this MCP server.
And let me show you how it's different when we run it.
If we go now and create a new terminal instance let me split here this view and let me run our UV run
and then weather sorry servers weather server server.py.
We can see now that the server is actually running in localhost port 8000.
If we want to change the ports to run on a different port, we can totally do that.
We simply need to specify and tell via the MCP SDK.
And that's pretty much it for this video.
So we created two simple web servers, one running in SDL and the other the transport is via SSH.
So let's go and let's commit this code over here.
So let me go now and see which files changed.
Only the servers directory.
And I added it.
And let's go and use cursor to commit this code here.
So cursor is going to auto generate the commit message.
Let me commit that and let's push it to the repository.
And if we go back now to the repository then we can see right now we have the new directory here.
And we can see we have now two commits.
We have the first commit from the previous video and this commit from this video.

--- What are we MCBuilding? ---

-: Hey there, Ethan here.
And in this video, we're going to dive
deeper into the SSE MCP server.
So in the previous videos,
we implemented the weather MCP server,
which the transport is SSE.
So now we're going to integrate it
with the LangChain multi-MCP server client
that they made for us.
And this client helps us a lot
because it actually is able to connect
to multiple MCP servers all at once.
The cool thing about SSE servers is that we can go
and we can deploy them everywhere we want.
And the usual usage pattern of SSE servers
is to deploy them in the cloud.
And if I'll take it to enterprise usage,
we can deploy it in our enterprise cloud,
and then everyone in our organization
can actually make a call to it.
And by the way, I didn't talk yet
about authentication and authorization.
And if we're going to deploy to the cloud,
we don't want to give it access to everybody.
We want to limit the access to our logged-in users
and maybe have some role-based access control
and to control who is accessing which tool or not.
And this is something which is going to be added,
and it's not yet implemented fully in the MCP protocol.
But once it will be added, I will be covering it.

--- Simple MCP Server ---

-: So I remind you this is the implementation
of our SSE server
and in order to run it
all we need to do is run the command uv run
then servers and the weather_server.
So we can see now it's running on port 8000.
And now I want to create a new MCP client
that is going to use this SSE server
and it's going to use the STDIO server
we had from before with the math operations.
So let me open another terminal
and let me run the math server.
So uv run servers/math py
and it's running around.
So let me go now and create a new file
and let me call this file langchain_client.py.
And the reason why I'm calling it that
is because we're going now to implement
a langchain multi-server client.
So the langchain multi MCP servers client
is a new client that langchain wrote for us
that is able to connect to multiple MCP servers.
So remember I told you there is a one-to-one connection
between a client and an MCP server.
So this is still the case.
Langchain abstracted for us
and inside it we're going to have multiple MCP clients
but we can use that to easily connect
to multiple MCP servers without explicitly writing
the clients for each one of those servers.
So to do that we'll start by importing
from langchain_mcp_adapters.client.
We want to import the MultiServerMCPClient.
Let's go and import from langgraph.prebuilt,
the create_react_agent like we did before.
And let's import OpenAI, ChatOpenAI
exactly like we did before.
And of course we want to implement from dotenv load_dotenv.
And we also initialized the llm.
And let me open a new terminal
and let's run this file for a sanity check.
uv run langchain_client.py
and we can see it ran successfully.
Let's also define a async function, main,
and let's write here print("hello langchain mcp")
and we're also running it with the asyncio.
And of course I need to import asyncio.
And yeah.
So this is the boiler plate code.
Let's run it as a sanity check.
uv run langchain_client.py.
So this is working as expected.

--- Bridging the Gap: The LangChain MCP Adapter Explained ---

Instructor: Both LangChain and MCP
has this notion and idea of tools,
and tools are simply functions that are written externally
from the AI system and from the LLM model,
and they are written by developers.
And those are simply functions that execute,
and those functions, like multiply,
they have arguments and they have return values,
and when we define tools, in both MCP and LangChain,
we need to specify what are the arguments
that the function receives.
We need to specify when should we call this function,
so this is going to be described
in the functions' description,
and we should say
what does this function return as a return value?
So again, the description is very, very important,
because this is eventually going to propagate to the LLM,
whether by the LangChain biding tools or by the MCP client,
and this is going to help
the model decide which tool to call.
So both LangChain and MCP
have a very similar idea and notion of tools.
And in LangChain we have the concept of a toolkit,
which is a collection of prebuilt tools.
And similarly we have this concept of MCP server,
which is also a collection of tools,
so we can see a lot of similarity between the two.
I want to reiterate at the end,
both via MCP or LangChain bind_tools,
we are injecting to the LMS prompt
the description of the tools,
when to invoke them, what arguments do they receive,
and what output do they output.
It is basically an interface for the AI models
to interact with external tools.
Now let's talk about the differences between them.
MCP takes this idea and it generalize it a bit,
so we not only expose tools via MCP,
but we also can expose resources.
And we discussed earlier that those resources
can be documents, PDF files, pictures,
can be also making API calls,
and it can also expose as well as prompts.
And another difference is
who we are going to expose this to.
So in LangChain, when we use the bind_tools,
we bind it to an LLM, to a large language model.
But when we use MCP,
we actually bind everything to the AI application,
like Cursor, Windsurf, Claude.
So those applications have underneath the hood an LLM,
and the client is what is going
to inject those descriptions to that LLM.
So we're not injecting it directly.
We have a couple of layers of extractions
before it's getting injected,
so we have the MCP server,
which communicates with the list of tools to the MCP client
and the MCP client,
this is what's going to inject the LLM in the application
with those instructions of the tools that we need to invoke.
Alrighty, after we discussed
the similarities and differences between LangChain and MCP,
let's talk about the LangChain MCP adapter.
And this is an open-source
that the LangChain team released,
which offers significant value
by enabling seamless integration of MCP tools
with LangChain and LangGraph.
So the key value proposition here
is that we have tool compatibility.
So we can convert MCP tools into LangChain
and LangGraph agents compatible tools.
So this allows developers to leverage existing MCP servers
that somebody else wrote in our popular
without any manual adaption.
And it also supplies us with an MCP client
that will allow us to connect to multiple MCP servers,
which is going to help us expose all their tools.
So in the next video we're going to demonstrate
and we're going to use the MCP client
that LangChain wrote for us.

--- Imports ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]

--- Client ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]

--- Tracing ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]

--- [New, Important] Stop Writing Deprecated Code: LangChain's Official MCP Server ---

1
Hey there, Aiden here,
2
and I want to show you something super useful
3
when developing agents in the LangChain ecosystem.
4
With LangChain, or with LangGraph, and using LangSmith.
5
And if you've been coding recently,
6
you are probably been using now a AI coding editor,
7
like Cursor, like Claude Code,
8
let me open Claude Code.
9
You've been using those coding editors to write your code.
10
I've been using them a lot.
11
Now, with those coding editors, while they're awesome,
12
they have a very annoying problem
13
when it comes to ever-changing frameworks like LangChain.
14
So, LangChain is very dynamic,
15
it is continuously changing.
16
And trust me, I know it,
17
I'm updating the course continuously,
18
it's very, very hard to keep up with the rate things change.
19
Sometimes API break,
20
sometimes objects are deprecated,
21
and it's really hard to keep up with it.
22
Now, LLMs, they don't keep up with it,
23
because LLMs are trained in a given point of time,
24
and they're trained on the LangChain version which is out
25
by the time that the training data was collected.
26
And we can use an LLM
27
that was trained a couple of months ago,
28
and the LangChain ecosystem can change dramatically.
29
Now, this is true not only for LangChain,
30
but for almost everything in this field,
31
in this AI field, this is continuously changing.
32
So if we're going to be using those coding agents
33
for something very dynamic, like LangChain for example,
34
if we're going to ask,
35
"Write me an agent with LangChain that does X...",
36
depending when we're going to be running this,
37
we might get some rubbish answer,
38
which is not going to be helpful,
39
which is going to be based on old variations of LangChain,
40
which is not going to be up to date.
41
And the LangChain team are pretty aware of this.
42
And if you go to their documentation,
43
right over here, you can see,
44
you have here this Copy page.
45
So, first, with one click,
46
you can go and copy this entire page,
47
and you can put it in an LLM in a chat application
48
and can use it.
49
Now, if you go here and click this,
50
you can see you can also ask to Copy MCP Server.
51
Now, if I'm going to copy the MCP server,
52
let's say with Cursor,
53
let me open up Cursor here,
54
what this is going to do,
55
it's going to add the LangChain docs as an MCP server.
56
You can see here,
57
this is a streamable HTTP server,
58
which is going to be pointing to the LangChain Docs MCP.
59
So, LangChain was kind enough to create a public MCP server,
60
which we can go and query without any API key,
61
without anything,
62
and simply take their latest and greatest documentation.
63
And to use it, we need to simply install it.
64
So, now this is installed.
65
You can see it has one tool in it,
66
SearchDocsByLangChain,
67
"Search across the docs of LangChain knowledge base
68
to find relevant information, code examples,
69
API references, and guides.
70
Use this tool when you need to answer questions
71
about Docs By LangChain, find specific documentation,
72
understand how features work,
73
or locate implementation details.
74
The search returns contextual content with titles
75
and direct links to the documentation page."
76
And it receives a query.
77
So, and now let me go and disable for a minute context7,
78
because context7 is going to do this
79
for many, many libraries.
80
The difference here is that DocsByLangChain
81
is specifically tailor-made to LangChain
82
and the LangChain ecosystem,
83
and context7 is much more general.
84
So if I'm going to be using a coding editor
85
to write LangChain code,
86
I would like to use this MCP server.
87
So if I'm going to go now to the agent,
88
and let me ask something like,
89
"Hey, can you please tell me,
90
how do I write a LangChain agent
91
according to the latest docs?"
92
Let me go and click Enter.
93
And now the AI agent
94
is supposed to invoke the LangChain MCP server.
95
So now we can see it's running the SearchDocsByLangChain,
96
it's refactored my question,
97
latest LangChain Python agent creation.
98
And now LangChain officially returned the relevant context,
99
and we get the answer,
100
which is to use the create_agent function.
101
And let me go now and disable tavily MCP,
102
which has search tool, extract, crawl tool,
103
I want to disable it for this example.
104
And let me now create now a new chat here.
105
Let me copy the same prompt,
106
and let me paste it.
107
So now I don't have any MCPs connected,
108
and let's see what's the answer of the LLM going to be now.
109
So now we can see it's invoking
110
a default search tool by Cursor.
111
So it's going to be using Cursor's different search tool.
112
And here we can see,
113
initialized agent was actually found.
114
And this is the first agent that was created,
115
it's been deprecated for a very long time ago.
116
Trust me, I refilled this video about it a bunch of times,
117
and we can see it's still going,
118
it's still searching things,
119
it's still acting,
120
and we can see it taking a lot of time.
121
And this is because we are not using
122
the LangChain MCP server.
123
And let's see what result we have here.
124
Here we can see,
125
we have create_react_agent, which was actually deprecated.
126
And we got here deprecated code.
127
So if we didn't have the LangChain MCP server,
128
let me go and enable it,
129
so if we didn't have the LangChain MCP server,
130
then the code we got Cursor to write
131
is going to be the wrong code, and the deprecated code.
132
So the fact that LangChain went
133
and implemented a remote MCP server,
134
which is going to make our lives way easier
135
when using coding agents,
136
is something very impressive, I have to say.
137
Now, LangChain were actually one of the first companies
138
to also make their entire documentation websites
139
with llms.txt, which we covered in the course.
140
And we can see we have other integrations,
141
we can use VS Code MCP,
142
we can use Claude for that,
143
and this is very, very useful.
144
So, if you're going to be running some LangChain code,
145
I highly recommend you using this MCP server.
146
And I want to show you something even cooler.
147
If you go to chat.langchain.com,
148
you can ask and talk to LangChain's documentation helper,
149
which they created.
150
And let's paste the prompt from before.
151
"Hi, can you please tell me how do I write LangChain agent
152
according to latest docs?"
153
And what's actually going to happen,
154
the tool that is going to be invoked
155
to search the documents,
156
searching the documentation for agents,
157
I think it's actually going to be using the same MCP server
158
we are using.
159
I'm not sure, I need to find it out,
160
but this is probably the case.
161
And here we can see, we got the correct answer,
162
with the create_agent text.
163
And you know what, let me verify it,
164
let's go to view trace here,
165
they've done everything so it'll be super easy
166
and super transparent to see what's happening.
167
This is very, very crazy.
168
Yeah, you can see here,
169
we are using the SearchDocsByLangChain.
170
So this is going to be the same MCP server
171
which is going to power the Chat LangChain,
172
official Chat LangChain.
173
So this is very, very cool.
174
And here you can see, by the way,
175
the entire trace for the Chat LangChain run we had.
176
And we can see we invoked the tool here twice.
177
And, first time, it looked for agents.
178
The second time,
179
it went for OSS troubleshooting.
180
And here we can see, it searched for create_agent.
181
So, there were a bunch of tool calls here.
182
So this is something which is
183
really, really wonderful to see,
184
how everything connects together,
185
MCP, LangChain, coding agents,
186
and this is really cool in my opinion.
187
So, just to finish, the gist of it,
188
please, I urge you, if you're going to use coding agents,
189
please go here and use the LangChain MCP server.

--- LangChain Hub - Downloads prompt from the community ---

Presenter: I want to introduce you
to a super useful place
called The LangChainHub.
It's supposed to be a single stop shop for sharing prompts,
chains, agents, and more.
So it's a repository for those prompts.
Often the secret sauce
for getting good results from the LLM is a high quality
prompt without prompt engineering,
and a lot of techniques that we discussed in this course,
some of them in order to get more from the LLM.
Now, the LangChainHub is a place
where it offers a collection
for commonly used prompts that people
can share together and download.
So I'm going to search for LangChainHub,
and I'm going to click this URL and I'm here,
and it's a part of LangSmith
Notice that LangSmith is currently in beta version,
so you can sign up for the beta.
I'm not sure how fast the approvals are,
but it's planned to be released soon.
So we can see that here we have a repository
of prompts that we're going to explore.
So we can see that they're sorted by use case,
whether we want prompts for agents,
for autonomous agents, for classification tasks,
for code writing, for anti extraction,
for self-checking, SQL, you name it.
All the common use cases are here,
so we can filter them up.
Now whether it's a model from Google, from Meta,
from OpenAI, when working with models, we need
to optimize for that specific model.
And the same prompt that we wrote
for model A may not be optimized for model B.
So some model may accept words that are not accepted
by other models, for example.
So we need to optimize the prompts according to the vendor.
Let's now explore some prompts.
Let's focus on QA over documents.
And let's take a look at the retrieval
augmentation generation prompt.
Now this piece of code shows how to use it
and how to use this prompt.
So we can see at the beginning we're loading the documents,
splitting them, putting them in the vector store,
and then we can see how we actually download this prompt.
We use the hub.pull method,
and we simply put this URL.
Now you can see that the prompt variable is being passed
to the retrieval QA chain in the chain type query arguments.
So notice here you can change the actual prompt
that is being called
to the LLM augmenting the original prompt
with any custom prompt.
So this is very important.
It can be customized.
Right over here you can see the actual prompt
and what parameters does it accept.
And at the bottom you can see another
example of how to use it.
Something interesting is that
in the right side you can see all the commits
of how this prompt changed over time.
And if you even want,
and this is another view of the commits,
and if we go back over here
and let's take a look for other prompts,
we can also sort by popularity, by top download.
And you can see the number of downloads and likes
and comments and
how many people are watching whether
this prompt is changing.
So this is the React Chat example.
So this is an agent based prompt.
So it's for selecting tools.
Now you can open it in the playground
and you can plug in the parameters
and see how this prompt behaves
and what results do you get from it.
So it's a easy tool,
and very intuitive tool to use
when experimenting with new prompts.
So as you know, prompt engineering is a very big part
of a writing an LLM application.
So you can see how this prompt behaves
with different vendors with different parameters
of temperatures, lengths, and penalties, for example.

--- TextSplitting Playground ---

Teacher: A lot of LLM applications involve
somewhat connecting LLMs to external data sources.
Like we saw in the course,
where we took Medium articles
and we talked the link chain documentation
and we QAed over them
by using the retrieval augmentation generation method.
But a prerequisite for doing it is to ingest the data
into a format that the LLM can easily understand it.
So, most of the time it'll mean
that we need to take our data
and ingest it into a vector store
like we showed in the course.
But before we do it, we need to first split it
or chunkify it into smaller chunks
because we can't just put all of the data as is
in the vector store.
We need to have smaller chunks
so we won't pass the token limitation.
So, while this task may seem trivial,
and we saw this in the course, it's often nuanced
and overlooked because when splitting the text,
we want to ensure that each chunk
has some cohesive information that we can understand
and the LLM can understand.
We don't want to simply split a sentence
in the middle of it.
So, we want to have a chunk that is small enough
that we can understand it,
but not too big
and not too large,
so that it will have a lot of tokens.
So, I often get messages of questions
of how to split the data, how to set the chunk overlap,
and what should be the chunk size, or what should we split.
And to be honest, there is no correct answer for this,
and every case needs to be examined
and need to be handled differently.
However, luckily for us, lang chain created a tool
that we can use to visualize how we split our text.
So, this is called the Text Splitter Playground.
So, let me show how to find it.
I'm simply going to Google lang chain
text splitting playground,
and I'm going to select the second result.
This is the Git Hub repo. It's open source.
You can check out this code.
And this is basically a streaming publication.
You can click on this link
because it's hosted on lang chain.
It's very intuitive to use.
We can see at the first part,
we can play around with the parameters.
So, we can play around with the chunk size,
with the chunk overlap,
and how do we calculate this chunk size.
And we can even select our text splitter.
So, right now we're using
the most common recursive character text splitter
that we used in the course.
And at the bottom, each time we change this parameter,
we can see it reflected in the code,
which we can simply copy paste into our workspace.
Let's see this in action.
And let me go to the lang chain blog
and select a blog that we can copy data from.
And let's see how we chunk it up.
So, I'm simply going to copy all the text
and I'm going to go back into the text splitter, pasting it.
Let's click split text
and let's take a look at the chunks.
We can see visually all the chunks
and we can make if they make sense or not.
This way we can optimize our chunking strategy
and to actually visualize and see how our chunks looks.
And those are the chunks which are going
to be embedded at the vector store, for example.
This is also a good way
to check out the chunk overlap.
So, for example, we can see between two chunks,
what is overlapped according to the overlapping size.
And to wrap up this video,
I really think this is a wonderful tool,
which is helpful when we want
to optimize our chunking strategy
and when we want to visualize our chunks
and what data they hold.

--- LangChain VS LlamaIndex ---

-: Hey there, Eden here, and today I want
to talk to you about the difference and similarities
between LangChain and LlamaIndex.
I'll start by saying that both frameworks are very similar,
and if you want to develop an LLM application,
you can do it with LangChain,
and you can probably do it with LlamaIndex as well.
Both of these frameworks offers us utilities and tools
in order to build our LLM application.
LangChain is more popular.
It has more adoptions among developers.
In LlamaIndex, there is adoption as well,
but not as much as LangChain.
I would say that LlamaIndex is more focused on data,
retrieval augmentation, integrating external data
into LLM applications, and it's more data-oriented,
while LangChain does offer all
of those feature I just mentioned.
And the support for retrieval augmentation
in LangChain has gotten a lot better,
where they introduce the abstraction
of LangChain Expression Language,
which offers a lot of flexibility
when building retrieval augmentation systems.
In my opinion, LLM applications are usually divided
into retrieval augmentation generation applications,
where you chat with your data,
connect to some external data, and agentic applications,
where those are applications where we leverage
the reasoning power of an LLM to choose a correct set
of tools to use and to invoke them,
and, by that, run non-deterministic actions.
And while LlamaIndex does have support for agents,
it has an implementation, for example,
for the React algorithm,
most of their agent offering is revolving
around retrieval and search, and, in my opinion,
the LangChain offering regarding agents is
much more robust and much more comprehensive.
So in LangChain,
they made a lot of changes in their framework
where we have now with the LangChain Expression Language
a lot of flexibility of how to run our agents
and how to determine which tools to select.
And I do see in LangChain a lot more research
and a lot more activity in that area.
It seems that they are much more up to date
with current research when it comes
to developing LLM agents.
(screen whizzing)
To summarize this video, both frameworks are very similar.
However, in my opinion, I would go with LangChain
when it comes to develop an LLM application.
Even if my application is very focused on data,
and it has a lot of retrieval augmentation
and a lot of usage of external data sources,
I would still go with LangChain because,
I would still go with LangChain
because it will answer those needs as well.
If I were to go to build and agentic application,
of course, I would go to LangChain
because it has a much more robust ecosystem
for building generative AI agents.

--- Introduction to Deep Agents Section ---

1
Hey there, Eden here,
2
and in this section,
3
we're going to be diving into deep agents.
4
And deep agents are agents that are useful,
5
and they can perform a variety of tasks,
6
but, specifically, they can solve,
7
and they can act upon long-horizon tasks.
8
So coding agents like Claude Code, like Cursor CLI,
9
or deep agents like the LangChain deep agents
10
are agents capable of doing so.
11
So in this section, we are going to be diving deep
12
into this.
13
We are first going to start
14
by taxonomizing what are deep agents.
15
We're then going to define from a very high-level overview
16
what makes an agent a deep agent,
17
and what characteristics those deep agents have.
18
And lastly, we're going to review
19
the LangChain's deep agents harness,
20
which we have here right now,
21
and we're going to see how we can use it as users,
22
first of all.
23
But more importantly, we are going to dissect,
24
and we're going to be analyzing the code
25
and understand how those deep agents are built.
26
We're going to see what approach did the LangChain team make
27
when implementing these deep agents
28
and how everything is working
29
and implemented under the hood.
30
So this section is going to be very, very interesting
31
because we're going to get a glimpse
32
of how the state-of-the-art coding agents,
33
like Claude Code, are implemented under the hood.

--- Deep Agents: Taxonomy of Agents: Shallow Agents, Deep Agents, Coding Agents ---

1
Before we talk about deep agents,
2
we need first to understand a bit of taxonomy
3
and to talk about what kind of agents do we have
4
currently in production in the industry.
5
So let me simplify this and give you how I view things.
6
So we have the domain of agents
7
and here are going to be all types of agents
8
we have now in the industry.
9
Now they can be agents, they can be agentic applications
10
like for example this hybrid RAG architecture,
11
where we have an LLM which is deciding which step to make,
12
whether to make a search, whether to rephrase the query
13
before the retrieval.
14
And we have an LLM making a decision what's going
15
to be the next step to be executed.
16
Now under this umbrella of agents,
17
we have here the ReAct agent where we have an LLM,
18
which is deciding whether to use a tool or not.
19
We execute this tool, then we either decide that we want
20
to return a response to the user if we have enough
21
information and if not, this agent continues
22
an execute tool gets the result, the observation
23
and simply goes on and on and on until it gets an answer.
24
And by the way, this is what started this all,
25
this all agent paradigm started
26
from this ReAct algorithm, this ReAct loop here.
27
Now when I showed you the taxonomy
28
and show you how I view the words of agents,
29
I refer to the ReAct agent as a shallow agent.
30
Now the reason why I refer to it as a shallow agent
31
is because this agent doesn't have the capabilities
32
of going really, really deep.
33
So for example, to perform a very deep
34
and thorough research, even though it has a Search tool
35
and a Wiki tool and a Tavily tool,
36
if I want to make a decent research,
37
this agent is not going to be enough.
38
And the reason for it is from this agent design
39
and from the reality of modern LLMs.
40
So this agent is based on function calling.
41
And in this decision arrow here we have here,
42
there is a function call that the LLM makes
43
in order to choose the tool to execute.
44
Now don't get me wrong,
45
there is no problem with function calling.
46
Actually there is a bit of problem with function calling.
47
I discussed it when I talk about code mode.
48
But the inherent limitation of this agent,
49
what makes it shallow
50
and not being able to perform deep tasks is that
51
it has a very limited context window.
52
Now we know LLMs have context window. This is not new.
53
But because of this architecture, every time we're going
54
to be making a decision then to execute the tool,
55
then to plug the result into the LLM,
56
we are going to be bloating the context.
57
And if we're going to have one iteration,
58
it's going to be maybe reasonable.
59
But as we have more iterations,
60
this context window keeps growing and growing and growing
61
and this is going to be leading to context rot.
62
So we can have context confusion, context contradiction,
63
context pollution, and a lot of things that eventually
64
are going to degrade the LLM's performance
65
and are going to get our agents to go off rails.
66
Just to emphasize, I'm talking here about the use case
67
where we have a complex task, a deep task where we need
68
to continue and continue and continue and gather information
69
and deduce and process.
70
And we have something which is long running,
71
not simply book me a flight.
72
We have something much more complex like
73
to implement a feature
74
or to implement a deep research on a topic.
75
So up until now I just talk about the degradation
76
of the performance of the LLM,
77
of the quality of the results.
78
Of course it's going to be costing us more money
79
because it's more tokens for each call we make.
80
So the LLM call is going to be heavier.
81
So it's going to contain more tokens,
82
it's going to cost us more, it's going to be also slower.
83
And this agent, this ReAct agent architecture,
84
while it is amazing
85
and it's the basis for basically everything,
86
it's not really usable for complex tasks, those deep tasks.
87
It is actually very good for shallow tasks
88
that don't require a lot of iterations.
89
And we actually have a lot of those kinds
90
of agents in production.
91
I've worked with many customers
92
and a lot of them have this kind of architecture.
93
And for a lot of use cases, it is actually enough
94
and we don't really need more than that.
95
Let's go and look at the world of agents again
96
and we explain this shallow and ReAct part here.
97
So now let's start to talk about deep agents.
98
And deep agents are agents that are able
99
to perform those kinds of long horizon tasks.
100
Those tasks that are complex that require a lot
101
of iterations, a lot of processing.
102
Those agents are long running.
103
They can run for minutes, for hours, even for days.
104
They can get even user input.
105
They can stop their execution, they can then resume it
106
after they receive the user input.
107
And those are what are called deep agents.
108
So we have here deep research agents
109
and here for example, we have Perplexity
110
and we have here a deep research feature.
111
And this is going to trigger a deep research agent run.
112
Now deep research agents are very, very common today.
113
So almost every other vendor have kind of support
114
for research agents.
115
Here we can see in Claude Code the research option.
116
And here we can see in ChatGPT also a research option.
117
And all of those are going to trigger deep agents
118
that are going to perform research.
119
And every one of them is implemented a bit differently
120
by the vendors.
121
We have also open source deep research agents,
122
for example GPT Researcher, which at the time
123
of recording this video
124
is one of the most popular open source projects.
125
And I actually review it in depth in my LangGraph course.
126
Alright, let's go back to the taxonomy here.
127
So we talked about deep research agents as an example,
128
and we also have coding agents like Claude Code, like Devin,
129
like Cursor, like Gemini CLI, and the list goes on and on
130
because coding agents are actually one of the best examples
131
of how deep agents can be very, very effective
132
and useful for the industry
133
and actually used by millions of developers.
134
And here I'm going to be focusing on Claude Code
135
because it is currently the leading coding agent.
136
Now Claude Code is extremely good, it's very,
137
very useful and it can actually be used for a wide variety
138
of tasks which are long-running.
139
They need to perform deep, they need scale.
140
And this is the top coding agent
141
at least when making this video.
142
So we can go and ask Claude
143
or any other coding agent to implement us an application
144
or a feature in the application and those agents can go
145
and run and actually accomplish it.
146
They can go and not only code the required code
147
but also to run tests, to test the application,
148
to open up a browser, to take screenshots
149
and to do the very same things
150
that a normal software engineer would do.
151
So those coding agents are going to be a subset
152
of deep agents which are tailor-made for coding.
153
So this is their specialty.
154
And as a side note here, deep agents are
155
what today drive innovation
156
and they are the top tier technology we have right now.
157
And it's actually very interesting to see the fact
158
that LLMs now are becoming better and better,
159
but currently their improvements are pretty gradual.
160
So we don't have this huge leap of reasoning
161
or other capabilities
162
that we see from each new model that comes out.
163
The quality is getting better.
164
Yes, the reasoning is better, the capabilities are better,
165
but it grows gradually.
166
It doesn't grow exponentially.
167
However, we are now at the point
168
that abstraction on abstractions of agents, on agents
169
in the application layer, if we know how
170
to use those LLMs correctly,
171
we can achieve some very impressive
172
and very capable machines that can automate
173
a lot of human work, which requires a lot of reasoning.
174
Things that we once thought that are impossible
175
because if I were to tell you five years ago, for example,
176
that we are going to have a technology that is able
177
to create a working pretty beautiful application from zero
178
with AI with no human intervention,
179
you would probably say that I'm crazy.
180
And the point I'm trying to make here is
181
that the application layer today, the application layer
182
that implements those kinds of deep agents,
183
this is what's driving now the technology, not the LLMs
184
that are getting better,
185
but the application layer that we build as developers on top
186
of them, how to harness those LLMs.
187
And today, this is what pushes the boundaries
188
and pounds on the innovation.
189
This type of work, the application layer work,
190
this deep agents implementation.
191
And let's go back to the discussion on deep agents
192
and what makes an agent a deep agent.
193
So there isn't really a clear definition,
194
but an agent that is able to perform a complex task,
195
in my opinion is a deep agent.
196
And in order for an agent to go
197
and perform these kinds of research tasks
198
or coding tasks which are complex
199
and require long running,
200
we need to have certain capabilities of those agents
201
that are going to make sure that we get a quality result.
202
Now it all boils down to context engineering
203
and smart context management, which is going to allow us
204
to solve this problem of the context bloat
205
and context accumulation.
206
And it's going to help us scale those agents
207
to perform a lot of things concurrently.
208
And to achieve this
209
and to achieve this capability of performing
210
and executing on long horizon tasks,
211
most deep agents implement the following.
212
First, they have a planning tool which is going to plan
213
what the deep agent is going to do.
214
They also have a subagents capability.
215
So this means they can spawn specialized workers
216
that are going to work in isolated context
217
and going to help the deep agent scale
218
and perform a lot of tasks concurrently
219
without bloating the context.
220
Thirdly, they have a file system,
221
where they can write intermediate results
222
and shared states between those agents
223
and everything is not going to blow to the context
224
because it's going to be written to the disc.
225
And thirdly, they have a monstrous system prompt.
226
If you're going to pick up today one deep agent,
227
it's going to probably implement those kinds of four ideas.
228
And in the next video, I'll be diving
229
and explaining those ideas,
230
including show you implementations of it.

--- Deep Agents: How Deep Agents Use Dynamic To-Do Lists to Solve Complex Tasks ---

1
So let's review the characteristics
2
of Deep Agents.
3
And I want to show you a concrete example how they manifest.
4
And while Deep Agents is a general term,
5
I think the ones who coined this term
6
were the LangChain team.
7
And they did an amazing job articulating this
8
and coming up with this architecture
9
after analyzing a bunch of Deep Agents implementations.
10
All right, so let's go back to the architecture
11
and let's go and talk about what makes a Deep Agent.
12
And let's start with the planning tool.
13
So every Deep Agent you are going to see,
14
it's going to have a planning tool.
15
And here we can see as an example, Claude Code.
16
And here we have a bunch of tasks that are already done.
17
We have one task that is in the making
18
and is currently executing,
19
and after it we have other tasks which needs to be executed.
20
So what we're seeing here is not implicit planning
21
through chain of thought reasoning
22
we know from large language models.
23
Deep Agents use explicit planning tools.
24
And this is typically being implemented
25
as a to-do list in a markdown format.
26
And between execution, the agent is going to actively review
27
and update this plan.
28
So this plan is highly dynamic.
29
The agent is going to mark tasks
30
as pending, in progress or completed.
31
And if we're going to have a task that failed,
32
the agent is not going to blindly retry to do it
33
like we know from the original React algorithm.
34
So the planning tool is going to help us steer the agent.
35
It's going to be continuously updated.
36
And we as the users, we can also influence
37
the task list and the to-do list.
38
And in Claude Code specifically,
39
the planning tool is internal,
40
so we don't have direct access to it,
41
however we can see it executing.
42
And what you're seeing right now
43
is a X post by Boris Cherny, which is the creator
44
of Claude Code by the way.
45
And here you can see the update to do,
46
which is calling the planning tool to update the to-do list.
47
And this to-do list is going to be continuously updated
48
by the Deep Agent.
49
And this is going to yield us better results
50
and to actually accomplish those complex tasks.
51
And when thinking about it, this is pretty intuitive
52
because we as humans, if we have a complex task,
53
we usually want to break it down.
54
We want to keep track of what we have accomplished so far.
55
So this also give us a dopamine rush,
56
you know, to check a task that is completed.
57
And it really shows the progress of our project
58
and something complex that we are trying to achieve.
59
So the idea here is actually very intuitive.

--- Deep Agents: Sub Agents and Hierarchical Delegation ---

1
So we talked about the Planning Tool
2
or To-Do List tool,
3
and let's talk about another characteristic;
4
and this is the Sub Agents capability.
5
So Deep Agents employ the idea of Sub Agents,
6
which are going to enable us have something
7
which is called hierarchical delegation.
8
And this means the Deep Agent itself
9
can spawn and create new instances of itself,
10
but those instances are going to be specialized Sub Agents
11
for focused tasks.
12
So each Sub Agent is going to be holding
13
its different system prompt, its own description,
14
its different set of tools it can use.
15
And this is actually quite genius I have to say,
16
because this is exactly like we have in real-life.
17
Whenever we don't feel like doing something
18
and we want to delegate a task to another,
19
then we need to make sure that the other person,
20
he has the correct skills and the correct tools
21
to achieve that tasks.
22
But not only that,
23
we need to know how to explain to that person what to do.
24
And let me give you an example from the real-world.
25
So I personally am not a handyman,
26
I have no craftsmanship,
27
and I don't know how to drill a hole in the wall,
28
and I'm really, really bad at this stuff.
29
And I've had a really annoying issue in my house
30
where I have this kind of hatch in the ceiling
31
of my top floor,
32
and every time it rains,
33
then what happens is that the rain hits this hatch,
34
and it's covered with fiberglass or some kind of material,
35
and it makes a lot of noise.
36
And when it's pouring raining,
37
it's really, really noisy
38
and it echoes through the entire house,
39
so I really needed to handle this.
40
And in order to fix it, I bought some synthetic grass
41
to simply put over the fiberglass,
42
so that when the rain drops,
43
it's not going to hit the fiberglass,
44
it's going to drop on the synthetic grass,
45
and then it's going to be much less noise.
46
And the ceiling is pretty high,
47
and in order to get up to the roof,
48
you need to have this kind of special ladder
49
where it needs to open diagonally,
50
and you can then climb to the roof
51
and then assemble this piece of synthetic grass.
52
Anyways, I don't have the skills even to do it.
53
So what I did is call my father-in-law
54
who is really good at this stuff.
55
And he went in with his own tools, he has a box cutter,
56
which he used to cut the synthetic grass
57
into the right size,
58
and he used his own ladder to climb to the ceiling
59
and to do all of this.
60
And I think the analogy of a Sub Agent
61
is really appropriate here
62
because I had a message that I wrote to him
63
that I needed help with doing this task.
64
I described the task, and then he came with his own tools,
65
and his own "system prompt," which is his skills,
66
and he knows how to do these things.
67
He went and did it,
68
I wasn't even there when he did it,
69
because he had a key to the house.
70
And finally the result was I went and everything was fixed.
71
And when it rains now,
72
it doesn't echo through my entire home.
73
And this is really similar to how Sub Agents work.
74
Now, I want to add on top of that,
75
that while he was working, I had no idea what's happening.
76
So as far as context, he was working in context isolation.
77
I didn't know what was happening,
78
and I just got the final result.
79
So let's go back to the discussion on Sub Agents.
80
The Sub Agents, they're going to do isolated work,
81
so this means they're going to run
82
in their own context window
83
without polluting the main agent's context window,
84
and they're going to be specialized.
85
So they can have their own system prompt, their own tools,
86
which can differ from one Sub Agent to another.
87
And this gives us the capability to scale our work
88
and to actually get more quality work
89
with specialized agents here.
90
So those Sub Agents are going to execute
91
on their own tool calling loops,
92
their own react loops internally,
93
and they're going to return back only the final response
94
without those intermediate results.
95
So this delegation pattern
96
helps us achieve this context isolation.
97
And preventing this specialized work
98
from polluting the main agent's attention,
99
it's going to enable parallel execution of tasks,
100
and this is going to dramatically improve the quality
101
and efficiency and the depth of the results
102
we can get from our agent.
103
And let's go back to an example, more techy with cloud code.
104
And here you can see that cloud code
105
has found an exploration agent,
106
which is going to find us authentication patterns,
107
and it's going to do some searching,
108
and it's going to run while the main agent is running
109
as well here.
110
So the point here is that cloud code
111
is implementing this kind of architecture as well,
112
and he has this capability support for Sub Agents,
113
which is super powerful and super useful.
114
Now, a quick disclaimer over here.
115
I know that by now I've been very theoretical,
116
I've been waving my hands,
117
and I've only been talking about concepts,
118
not about implementation.
119
So, don't worry,
120
I promise you the implementation part will come,
121
and we'll see exactly how we can go and implement
122
all these kinds of beautiful magic here.
123
But I just want to continue and review the concepts
124
and the interface
125
and how those capabilities of Deep Agents are looking
126
in our day-to-day lives with the common tools
127
that we use here.
128
So the implementation part will come soon.
129
And in the next video,
130
I want to dive deeper into the context flow
131
when using Sub Agents,
132
and I want to show you how using Sub Agents
133
is going to prevent us from bloating our context
134
and achieve context isolation,
135
and eventually better results.

--- Deep Agents: Subagents context flow ---

1
So in this video, we're going to dive deep
2
into the context flow when using subagents
3
and we're going to understand why subagent are so powerful
4
and so useful.
5
We have here the main agent thread,
6
and this is our main conversation.
7
And every message that we're going to be sending here
8
is going to increase our token size.
9
Now, when the main agent decides
10
that it's going to use a subagent,
11
it's going to create a brand new prompt,
12
and this prompt is going to be passed into the subagent.
13
And this is the only context that the subagent sees
14
when it start to execute.
15
So it's not aware of the entire conversation
16
of what happened so far, it's just aware of the prompt
17
that the main agent has generated to us.
18
And I'm going to show you a way
19
where we can manipulate this prompt
20
where the main agent is going to prompt the subagent
21
such that the subagent
22
is going to have much easier time working
23
and we're going to get better results.
24
So we can totally influence this prompt over here.
25
So when we start to execute the subagent,
26
it's only as good as this prompt
27
which is going to be passed into it
28
because that's the only context that is going to receive.
29
And it's going to work independently.
30
It's going to invoke the tools that it needs.
31
It's going to maybe do some integrations
32
and at the end,
33
it's going to return one condensed response
34
to that main agent.
35
And every time we're going to spawn a new subagent,
36
then we're going to start with a fresh context
37
with only this prompt being sent.
38
Now you can see the advantage here
39
is that we can run the main thread and we can keep it lean.
40
And if we're going to use subagents,
41
we're going to delegate a lot of context to those subagents,
42
which are going to work in isolation,
43
and we're only going to get that response, the artifact,
44
which is going to be prompt back into this main agent.
45
So in this way, the main conversation
46
is going to have much easier time
47
maintaining the lean context
48
and we won't be needing to use the slash compact
49
or slash clear command
50
because we know that the more context we have
51
in our main agent then performance degrades.
52
So this is a very useful tool to see.
53
All right, so just to summarize, we have our main agent,
54
which is going to give one input to the subagent.
55
Then the sub agent is going to do the work
56
and is going to output one output
57
to the main agent back again.
58
And this is a very smart way to compress our context.
59
All righty, now let me show you this in action
60
and let me show you why this is so important.
61
And here, I'm going to illustrate the context window
62
as our conversation with cloud code progresses.
63
Now, as you know, LLMs has token limits.
64
So we are kept with the number of tokens we can send them.
65
Now we can use a model with 200K or with 1 million tokens
66
or in the future maybe it would be 2 million or 10 million,
67
but this number is finite.
68
Now obviously, we do not want to reach the token limit
69
because one, if we surpasses
70
then our request is going to fail to the LLM,
71
and even if the request didn't fail,
72
then the answer we going to get back,
73
it's going to cost us more
74
because every token is going to cost more,
75
and it's going to be slower because we have more tokens.
76
So the latency is going to increase.
77
And most importantly,
78
if we're going to get near this context limit,
79
it's pretty safe to say
80
that we're going to encounter some context pollution
81
and we're not going to get the results that we want
82
because we have tons of contexts,
83
which is maybe not relevant for the task,
84
and really this is not optimal.
85
So we want to keep our context lean as much as we can here.
86
And in our interaction with cloud code,
87
every turn that we make, every message that we send,
88
it's going to consume tokens
89
and it's going to add tokens into our context window.
90
So maybe in the first turn we added 10k tokens
91
then in the second it increased to 30k.
92
And by getting to the fifth turn,
93
we reached 100K tokens.
94
And if we're going to be using one instance of cloud code,
95
then in some point or another,
96
we will be needing either our compact window
97
with the slash compact command
98
or we would be needing to maybe clear everything
99
or even open up a new instance of cloud code
100
and start fresh.
101
And that way we're going to use our history.
102
And the only thing I want to demonstrate here
103
is that we are limited in the context
104
and we can't simply use one cloud code instance
105
to do everything that we need.
106
The context limit is limiting our interaction
107
with cloud code, and this is my main point here,
108
but with subagents, it's a very elegant solution
109
to maybe increase this limit.
110
And every time we're going to be using a subagent,
111
it's going to be running with its own context window
112
and every token is going to consume
113
every token that it's going to be using,
114
it's not going to be calculated in our main cloud agent.
115
So by the end of this sub-agent execution,
116
it's only going to return one condensed response.
117
So it may be 15K or 20K tokens with the summary
118
and the code that they changed.
119
But the point here
120
is that we won't be accumulating these context here,
121
and you can see how elegant this is
122
for our context engineering efforts.
123
And each side chain, each sub agent, which is going to run,
124
it's going to be running with its own system prompt,
125
which we tailored made according to that need,
126
so it would be able to solve a task
127
that it should do in a better way than the main agent.
128
That's the entire point of subagents here.
129
So this is super, super elegant, this idea here,
130
and it's very, very powerful.

--- Deep Agents File Systems ---

1
Another key characteristic of deep agents
2
is that those deep agents have access to file systems
3
and they have tools like to search for files,
4
to read files, to update, to delete files,
5
and they have complete control on a file system
6
that is going to help us manage context.
7
So how does this manifest
8
in Claude Code Deep agent, for example?
9
So Claude Code has the file operations tools.
10
It has the read tool to read the file content.
11
It has the write tool to create and overwrite files.
12
It has the edit tool
13
to make precise string replacements in files.
14
And it has the glob and grep tool to search for files
15
and to search within files.
16
Now, if we go to the deep agent documentation,
17
we can see that deep agents expose a file system interface
18
very similar to Claude Code.
19
So it has ls, read_file, write_file,
20
edit_file, glob, and grep.
21
Now, it's important to note
22
that deep agents expose an interface,
23
so we can go and implement this however we want.
24
If we want to use a file system based on Firestore database
25
on Google Cloud, for example,
26
or on DynamoDB on AWS, we can totally go and do that.
27
They expose an interface and this is fully flexible.
28
Now, let's talk about why are file systems
29
so useful when it comes to agents and long-horizon tasks.
30
Now, we discussed in depth
31
that as long as the conversation keeps growing and growing,
32
our context grows as well.
33
And this leads to a various array of problems
34
which all result in context rot.
35
And context rot is going to generate us bad responses
36
from the large language models.
37
So this may be because of a context contradiction
38
or some context confusion
39
or a lot of noise we have in the context here.
40
So in one of LangChain's blogs,
41
which I'm going to link in the video's resources,
42
they had an illustration which shows us
43
the great challenge we have in context engineering
44
when it comes to agents.
45
So in this diagram, we can see the blue rectangle,
46
which is going to represent all the context
47
which is available to the agent.
48
So this can be code base, documents, web search,
49
files, databases, and this can be potentially massive.
50
Now, in the red or pink circle,
51
we have what the agent actually selects
52
and pulls into the context window.
53
And this is what it chooses to read/search.
54
And the green one over here
55
is what the agent actually needs
56
in order to complete the task.
57
Now, we have a bunch of scenarios.
58
We have, for example, under-retrieval.
59
So this is when the agent does not find
60
all of the relevant info it needs.
61
So we just select some small part of this green circle here.
62
We have another problem,
63
which is going to be over-retrieval.
64
So this is where the agent is going to pull too much noise,
65
which is going to dilute the signal.
66
So it's going to dilute this green circle here
67
because the red circle is going to be way too big.
68
Now, we have also misaligned retrieval.
69
So this is when an agent
70
is going to be looking in the wrong places entirely.
71
So in this example, you can imagine the red circle
72
simply not to cover any of the green circle.
73
And we have also a context window limit.
74
So the red circle is finite,
75
so we cannot put everything we want there.
76
And we also discussed
77
what happens when this red circle is too big here.
78
Now, in context engineering, the sweet spot
79
is to make the red circle as small as possible
80
to cover the green circle.
81
So this is the ideal of what we want here.
82
Now, I remind you,
83
this process of selecting the context,
84
this can happen almost after every iteration.
85
So every iteration of the agent,
86
we need to optimize for this green circle here.
87
Now, this is why in context engineering, how we structure,
88
how we retrieve, and how we prioritize information
89
for the agent
90
is actually more important than the prompt itself.
91
And the agent's quality is bound
92
by whether we have the right information
93
that it needs in the context window.
94
And we may have the best reasoning model,
95
but with the wrong context, we can still get wrong answers
96
to not able to answer our question or to perform our task.
97
Now, how does it relate to the deep agent's file system?
98
Now, the file system is going to be the engine
99
which actually going to enable the agent
100
to select this relevant context.
101
And this is going to be the mechanism
102
which the agent is going to be using
103
in order to get to the correct context,
104
to get to the sweet spot of this green circle here.
105
So you can imagine that our entire file system
106
is going to be this blue rectangle here.
107
So if I'm going to go to the principles
108
of context engineering,
109
so the file system is going to help us
110
with first the writing the context to a persistent storage.
111
So this is going to be temporary files, temporary results,
112
maybe something we retrieve from the internet.
113
So we are going to persist everything.
114
So this is not going to be polluting our context
115
because it's going to be persistent in persistent storage.
116
Now, in order to get to that green circle,
117
we need to have a mechanism
118
to help us retrieve what is relevant.
119
Now, the actual mechanism that is going to be helping us
120
with the retrieval is going to be, for example,
121
the glob tool to find files by a pattern
122
or the grep tool to search file contents
123
with a regular expression.
124
So we can see
125
how the file system is actually implementing
126
two important parts of the context engineering philosophies.
127
So one is going to be the writing of context,
128
and the second is going to be the selecting of context.
129
So the file system is what is going to enable both.

--- The 3 Layers of AI Agent Skills: From Usage to Source Code ---

1
Hey there, Eden here, and in this section,
2
we're going to be diving deep into agent skills
3
and we are going to understand
4
exactly how they're implemented under the hood.
5
And for this section, we are going to be using
6
the open-source implementation of LangChain Deep Agents,
7
and Deep Agents is an open-source agent harness,
8
which really implements a lot of beautiful ideas.
9
Now, just a reminder, Claude Code Cursor CLI, Gemini CLI,
10
Manus, all of those great coding agents are closed source,
11
so we do not know how they're implemented under the hood.
12
However, LangChain Deep Agents' agent harness
13
is open source, so we can actually go and see the code
14
and see exactly how it's implemented,
15
and this is what we're going to be doing in this section.
16
So we have three layers of understanding agent skills.
17
The first and the most abstract layer
18
is to learn to use skills as users.
19
And for that, we'll be using the Deep Agents CLI
20
to add skills and to simply use them as users.
21
So this is what we're going to be doing
22
in the first section,
23
then we're going to be peeling another layer of abstraction
24
and we're going to be reviewing the agent execution trace,
25
and we're going to see the LLM calls that are being made
26
and we're going to have a deeper understanding
27
of what is the flow when the agent is executing
28
and running the skill.
29
We'll understand more of how it happens,
30
and we're going to be using
31
the Lang Smith Observability platform to do so.
32
Then we want to peel another layer
33
and we want to dive into the Deep Agents' source code,
34
and we're going to see the actual code
35
that implements this skill mechanism,
36
which implements progressive disclosure.
37
And after reviewing those three layers of abstraction,
38
we'll have the deepest knowledge
39
when it comes to agent skills
40
because we'll know how to use them,
41
how the agent is working,
42
and we'll even know how to implement it ourself
43
if we want to.
44
So hope you'll enjoy the section.

--- Level 1: Using Agent Skills in the Deep Agents CLI ---

1
Hey there, Eden here.
2
So in this video, we are going to be using the agent harness
3
of LangChain Deep Agents,
4
and we're going to be installing a skill so it can use,
5
so for this example, we are going to be using Remotion,
6
and Remotion is a very popular package,
7
which is going to help us write videos with code.
8
So it's actually going to create our videos as react code,
9
and it's quite popular these days,
10
and we are going to be installing a skill
11
that is going to help our agent harness
12
to create better videos with Remotion.
13
And this video is the first layer
14
of understanding agent skills,
15
which is how to use skills with agents and agent harnesses.
16
And we're going to be using it as a CLI.
17
So right now, I'm in the LangChain documentation
18
and I'm on the Deep Agent stuff.
19
And if we're going to scroll down here,
20
we can see some instructions
21
of how we can go and install it.
22
So we can either install it as a script,
23
however, I'm going to install it with UV.
24
Let me go and copy this command.
25
Let me go to my terminal and paste this command here.
26
So right now, it's going to be installing
27
all of the Deep Agents dependencies.
28
So let's wait a minute.
29
Now, we can see we have two executables,
30
Deep Agents and Deep Agents CLI.
31
So let me run Deep Agents --help
32
and here, we can see all of the available options
33
of running the Deep Agent.
34
So let me go now and run it by itself.
35
In OTC, we get here a message
36
that no credentials were configured,
37
so we need to set the LLM
38
that the Deep Agent is going to run on.
39
So let me go and use Anthropic, for example.
40
So let me go and look for Anthropic API key,
41
and you can use any LLM that you would want.
42
So let me log into my account here.
43
All right, so I'm in the Anthropic console.
44
Let me go now to API Keys, so let's create a new API key.
45
Let me select the default workspace
46
and let me put here the name of the API key.
47
Let me write Deep Agents.
48
Now, I'm going to copy it,
49
and don't worry, this API key is going to be revoked
50
by the time you're seeing the video,
51
and let me now set this environment variable
52
of Anthropic API Key.
53
So let me write export Anthropic API key,
54
and let me paste in the API key.
55
Let's go now and run Deep Agents again.
56
And now, we can see it's working.
57
Let me write hello, and we can see we get here an answer.
58
And now I want to go and I want to install a skill
59
to be used by Deep Agents,
60
so let me go to Google and search for Remotion skills,
61
and this is just an example skills for this video.
62
And if you don't know,
63
Remotion is a very nice open-source package
64
to create videos with React.
65
So it's very cool,
66
and it has here a skill we can use in our agents.
67
So I'm going to copy this command over here,
68
so let me go and run NPX skills.
69
And here, let's add Remotion dev skills.
70
So this is going to install the Remotion skills
71
in my computer here.
72
Now, notice here that it asks me which agents
73
do we want to install to.
74
So the first option, which is the most recommended way,
75
is that it's going to be saving the skill in a directory
76
called .agents/skills here.
77
And here, you can see all the agents that support this,
78
and most agents are going to be supporting this format,
79
to read the skill from a .agent/skills directory here.
80
There are other agents, for example, Claude Code,
81
which need to read it from .claude/skills,
82
or Open Cloud, which read it from Skills Directory.
83
So we're going to go with the universal way right here
84
because Deep Agent supports this.
85
I know it's not listed right now in this list over here
86
at the moment of recording the video, but it supports it.
87
So let me just click enter here.
88
And now, we have two options
89
whether we want to install it project,
90
so this is in the directory where we ran this command,
91
or we want to be globally, in the home directory.
92
And I want to install it globally
93
because I want this skill to be available
94
to most agents I have on my machine.
95
So let me choose the global one,
96
and let me go and click directly to install it.
97
We have this risk assessment of the skills,
98
and we can see agent say that it's safe,
99
Socket says it has zero alerts,
100
and SNCC says that it has a video risk.
101
I'm just going to install it.
102
All right, so this skill is now installed.
103
So let me just not go and quit,
104
and let me clear everything here.
105
Let me close this window,
106
and let me write here now Deep Agents again.
107
And now let me write hi.
108
Let's go and ask which skills do you have?
109
So now we can see which skill are installed.
110
So here we have Skill Creator,
111
which is a default skill by LangChain Deep Agents,
112
also Find Skills, which is a skill to find skills,
113
and we also have Remotion-based practices,
114
so this is the skill that we installed right now.
115
So now we want to see the skill in action,
116
so I want to ask the agent harness, Deep Agents,
117
I want to ask you to create a video on agent skills.
118
Hi, can you please create a Remotion video on agent skills?
119
So notice here, we can see here that it read the skill
120
on the file of the Remotion-based practices here,
121
and here we can see all of the data of the Remotion skill.
122
Here, we can see we have a bunch of files here,
123
and it's going to be reading a bunch of files
124
from the Remotion skill.
125
And now, it's starting to create a video,
126
so it's actually loaded to the context, the Remotion skill,
127
which is going to improve the performance of the video
128
that we're going to be getting.
129
So now, it says that I have already
130
an existing Remotion video project,
131
and this is because I tested it before.
132
Let me write here, create a brand new Remotion video
133
about agent skills so we can have a new video here.
134
So now, we have another question,
135
do we have an existing project that we can use
136
or we wanted to create it for us?
137
Let's say that we wanted to scaffold a new project,
138
and let's choose the aspect ratio to be portrait,
139
and now, it leads with the plan,
140
and let me go and say go ahead.
141
So now, the AI is going to be writing all the code
142
and running all the command.
143
Let me go and auto approve everything.
144
(gentle elevator music)
145
And so now, we can see it created some package JS files,
146
and we can see it's installed at dependencies that it needs.
147
And here is a file that it wrote,
148
agent skills.type script.
149
And we can see that we have root.types script
150
and now it's going to be building the scenes
151
for the agent skills video.
152
(gentle elevator music)
153
By the way, while it's working here at the bottom right,
154
we can see the model that we're using,
155
Anthropic Claude Sonnet 4.6.
156
We can see along the way,
157
more files are going to be written.
158
Looks like it's done,
159
and now, it's going to verify itself.
160
And let's check out the video.
161
Agent skills,
162
what are skills,
163
how it works, looks good.
164
And we can see that the live video is cool.
165
So in the video here, we can see that the user said
166
to create a Remotion video about agent skills,
167
which was actually what I asked you to.
168
And then the agent is going to check the skills,
169
it's going to be loading the Remotion best practices skill,
170
then it's going to be loading that skill,
171
then it's going to create the video.
172
So very cool in my opinion.
173
And yeah, overall, this video looks quite nice.
174
So what we saw in this video
175
is how to use the agent harness of Deep Agents
176
to install a skill that the agent harness can use.
177
And we saw this dynamic disclosure of loading the skill
178
only when we want to create the video.
179
And we saw how simple it is to install a new skills
180
on different agents.
181
And in the next video, we're going to enable tracing
182
and we're going to have a better understanding
183
of what's actually being sent to the LLM.

--- Layer 2: Tracing AI Agent Skills with LangSmith ---

1
Now let's go and enable the tracing.
2
So I'm going to go down a bit in the documentation
3
and let me search here for trace.
4
So to trace our agent harness, we need to export
5
a bunch of environment variables.
6
We need the LangChain tracing, LangChain API key
7
and the deep agents LangSmith project.
8
So let me go and do this.
9
So let me go to LangSmith
10
and let me go to my settings
11
and let me go and generate an API key.
12
So I'm going to call this API key deep agents API key
13
and let me go and create this API key and let me copy it
14
and let's go back to the docs
15
and let's go and copy those environment variables.
16
Let's go back to the terminal.
17
So I'm going to quit our agent run.
18
Let's me paste here those environment variables.
19
Here is the value of my API key.
20
Of course it's going to be revoked
21
by the time you're seeing this video.
22
And let's go and copy the third API key,
23
which is going to be the deep agent LangSmith project.
24
So this is going to be called right now
25
my Deep Agent execution, but you can call it
26
whatever name you want.
27
So now let me clear everything.
28
Let me write echo dollar sign.
29
And this is for example LangChain API key.
30
And here we can see the value.
31
So let's go now and let's run deep agents.
32
Now to make sure that it is configured
33
let's go and click /trace.
34
And here we can see we get here actually an error message
35
that LangSmith tracing is not configured
36
and that we need to put LangSmith API key
37
and LangSmith tracing equals true.
38
So it looks like this documentation needs to be updated.
39
So let's go and actually do it.
40
So let me go and quit.
41
So let me write export LangSmith tracing
42
and this is going to be equal to true.
43
And let me write export LangSmith API key.
44
So let me open deep agents again.
45
And now we can see we have LangSmith tracing enabled.
46
So let me now go and say hello.
47
We got here an answer and now let's go to LangSmith.
48
And let me go back here to my applications.
49
Let me refresh it.
50
And here we can see my deep agent execution
51
and here we can see our agent execution
52
when we said hello.
53
This was the input, hello.
54
And we can see the output was hello, what can you do today?
55
Now let's take a look at what was the actual context
56
to the LLM.
57
So eventually the LLM call was right over here
58
in this trace.
59
And here we can see the tools
60
that the deep agent has in its disposal.
61
And here we can see the system prompt.
62
Now let's see if we have something with remotion here.
63
So we can see here that in the context of the agents,
64
it has this available skills section
65
and it has here already the remotion skills.
66
So what the agent does is going to be loading it
67
when the agent runs at the beginning
68
and it's going to be loading all the metadata on the skill.
69
It's not going to be loading the entire skill
70
because the entire skill is going to be a lot of files
71
and it's going to bloat the context.
72
It's going to load only the metadata,
73
the name of the skill, when to use it
74
and where it's going to be located.
75
And this is what we are seeing over here.
76
Here we can see how to use skills.
77
So this is the prompt to the LLM,
78
the system prompt tells the LLM how to use the skills.
79
Here we can see skills follow
80
a progressive disclosure pattern.
81
You see their name and description above,
82
but you read the full instructions only when needed.
83
So first you need to recognize when a skill applies.
84
So this is to choose the skill to run.
85
Then we need to read the skill's full instructions
86
and then to follow the skill instructions
87
and then to access supported files.
88
So those are the system instructions
89
which are going to be in the agent harness system prompt.
90
So right now when we prompted the LLM just with hello,
91
it didn't load any skills yet,
92
it simply had the metadata of the skills
93
in the system prompt.
94
Now when does this happen,
95
this loading of all the skill metadata that we have?
96
We have this skill middleware before agent.
97
So before our agent is going to be running,
98
so this is when we open the deep agent through the CLI.
99
We're going to be running this part of code
100
which we're going to be seeing in the next video.
101
But this is what it's going to load all the metadata
102
of the skills to the system prompt of the agent harness.
103
And here we can see that the output of this.
104
So this is going to updating the agent state.
105
It's going to be some skill metadata list here.
106
So the first item here is going to be a skill creator,
107
which is a skill to help create new skills
108
like a anthropic lot codex.
109
We have here a skill which is called find skills.
110
And we have here the last skill
111
which is remotion best practices.
112
And this is what we installed in the previous video.
113
And you can see this is the location of the skill.
114
It's in my root directory under .agents/skill.
115
And here is the remotion best practices.
116
So here we have a directory with a lot of files here.
117
And let me go now to my home directory.
118
Let's go to .agents and let's go to their skills
119
and let's go to remotion best practices.
120
And let's see what we have here.
121
So we have here a skill.md file.
122
So let me cat skill.md.
123
This is the remotion skill that we have.
124
This is here the front matter,
125
this is the skill description.
126
But what's interesting here
127
is that we have this rules directory.
128
So let's go to /rules.
129
And we have here a bunch of markdown files.
130
For example here we have gifs.md.
131
Let's go and print it.
132
And this is here how to create gifs with remotion.
133
So this is going to be inputted for the agent.
134
For example, if you were to create a GIF with remotion.
135
Now it also has this assets directory
136
and here we have a bunch of TypeScript files which the agent
137
can either execute or maybe take it as inspiration
138
when it's creating the video.
139
Okay, so let's recap what we saw so far.
140
When we prompted hello,
141
what happened before even the agent ran,
142
we loaded the skills in the metadata
143
and when we made the call, only the skills metadata
144
were included here.
145
So the disclosure of the entire skill
146
did not happen right now.
147
Now let me go and say can you please create me a gif
148
on agents skills with remotion?
149
So now we can see it's loading the remotion
150
best practices skill.
151
(soft music)
152
It found out the video that we had from before,
153
let me write auto approve.
154
(soft music)
155
So here we can see it rendered our MP4
156
and it's now rendering it as a GIF.
157
And here we can see the GIF.
158
Let me now go and run it.
159
You see, and this is the GIF which is running right now.
160
Okay, so let's go and review the trace.
161
So let me open here this trace
162
and let's check out the first LLM call
163
which we have right here.
164
And we can see that in the input we have the system prompt.
165
And here we can see all the history had so far.
166
We asked hello, the agent harness replied,
167
hello, how can I help you today?
168
And then we ask, can you create me a GIF
169
on agent skills with remotion?
170
And we can see that the agent harness decided now
171
that it needs to read the skill.md file
172
of remotion best practices.
173
So before we made the LLM call,
174
the agent harness told the LLM
175
where it can find this remotion skill.
176
So we can see in the system prompt over here
177
I looked for remotion.
178
And we can see here we have the name
179
remotion best practices, the description of it.
180
And here we can see that we need to read it
181
from this file for instructions here.
182
And this is something that the agent harness injected
183
to the system prompt in the step
184
which is called here skills middleware.
185
So this middleware, and by the way, don't worry,
186
we're going to review the code of it.
187
It's going to receive all the messages we have so far
188
and it's going to receive also the message
189
that we want to send to the LLM
190
and it's going to also receive the system message
191
of the agent harness.
192
And here if we look for skills right now we don't have
193
anything specific on the skills that were loaded.
194
So we need to have a section
195
which is going to be describing all of our skills.
196
So I want to make here a key distinguish here.
197
In the before agent middleware, what we had from before,
198
it simply did the discovery of the skills,
199
but the actual injection to the context
200
happens here in this skill middleware here.
201
So this middleware, which we're going to see very soon,
202
this is what's going to be injecting to the system prompt.
203
And now if we're going to check the system prompt
204
after we ran the skill middleware rap model call.
205
So if we check out here, let's see skills here.
206
Here we can see now we have an another
207
part of the system prompt,
208
the skill system that was not here before.
209
So here we have all the available skills that we have
210
and where to read your files from
211
and how to read those skills.
212
So what actually did the injection to the context
213
was this middleware rap model call.
214
So this is an important distinction to make
215
and when we're going to see the code,
216
it'll be much more understandable.
217
So this was the LLM call and the LLM responded that,
218
hey, we need now to read the remotion best practices
219
skill.md and the LLM chose to do this
220
because of the context injection we did
221
with all the skill metadata to the LLM code.
222
So now the LLM is going to use the file system
223
and it's going to be running the read tool,
224
it's going to read the remotion best practices skill.md
225
and here is the result.
226
And now it has this result in the context.
227
So now we make another LLM call.
228
And now in the second LLM call we have the system prompt
229
with the skills system also injected.
230
We have here the file that was read
231
and the content of the file that was read.
232
So this is the input
233
and now the agent decides that it wants to read more files,
234
it wants to read animations.md,
235
it wants to read compositions.md
236
and it wants to read timings.md.
237
And funny enough, the LLM didn't decide
238
to read the gif.md file
239
and this is the responsibility of the LLM
240
to choose which files to read.
241
So now the agent went and read those files,
242
it read animations.md, it read compositions.md,
243
it read timing.md.
244
And naturally all of these extra content
245
is being added to the context.
246
So now the LLM has more notion of how to use remotion
247
and how to do things.
248
And now it says, now let me check if there's existing
249
remotion project or I need to create one from scratch.
250
And also it wants to read some more files,
251
some text animations and sequencing rules.
252
So it goes and do that.
253
So I'm going to stop explaining the trace right here
254
because the goal of this video
255
is just to show you the dynamic disclosure of the skill
256
rather than the entire deep agent internal.
257
So just to have a quick recap on what we did so far
258
and what I want you to learn from this video.
259
We had two things that happened here.
260
The first thing is that when we loaded the agent,
261
we had these skills middleware that is simply
262
going to do some skill discovery
263
and it's going to see which skills
264
are even available to the agent.
265
And before every LLM call we made, this skills middleware,
266
it's going to go and load the information
267
about these skills.
268
So it's going to be available to the agent
269
whether to load them or not.
270
And the artifact of this is going to be
271
this skill system prompt over here,
272
which is a part of this system prompt.
273
And the combination of the metadata of the skills
274
and this system prompt is what's going to power
275
this entire progressive disclosure
276
because right after it, the decision whether to load
277
the skills or not goes to the LLM
278
and a very similar process is happening in Claude code
279
or Gemini CLI or Manus
280
or any other agent that supports the skill system.
281
So in the next video, I want to go into the source code
282
and to show you how this actually looks in the code.

--- RECAP (How LangChain Deep Agents Implement Skill Middleware) ---

1
Hey there, Eden here.
2
And in this video we're going to be diving
3
into the deepest layer of agent skills.
4
So let's recap what we have done so far.
5
And I want you to remember the agent loop
6
where we start with an LLM call, with the question.
7
And then the LLM decides whether to call a tool or not.
8
If so, it executes the tool and goes back to reason again,
9
whether to finish an answer or go to execute another tool.
10
So this is the standard agent loop that we all know.
11
So what langchain did,
12
they implemented into the langchain deep agents,
13
agent harness the following mechanism.
14
When the session is loading and the agent starts to run,
15
they first go and load all the available skills
16
to the agent's memory.
17
And this is the skill discovery
18
to see which skills are disposable to the agent,
19
what are their names and where are they located at.
20
And this is stored in the agent's memory
21
in the agent states.
22
And this is the before agent middleware.
23
Now second, they added a middleware,
24
which is going to be running before every LLM call,
25
and it's going to append to the system prompt,
26
this skill systems appendix.
27
So it's going to contain
28
all the available skills to the agent
29
and all of their locations and some instructions
30
of how progressive disclosure is working.
31
And then for each request, the agent is going to have this
32
as part of the system prompt
33
and therefore it's going to execute upon it.
34
So it's either going to decide to use a skill or not,
35
or it's going to decide to use one of its tool that it has.
36
And this is the behavior we saw so far in the traces.
37
Now, in the next video,
38
we are going to see the code that does all of this.

--- Layer 3: Inside skills.py- The Mechanics of Progressive Disclosure ---

1
Hey there.
2
Eden here,
3
and in this video we're going to get the deepest we can get
4
when it comes to agent skills.
5
So we're going to be reviewing
6
the agent harness implementation of LangChain Deep Agents.
7
So right now I'm in the GitHub repository of Deep Agents
8
and all the skill logic is going to be located
9
where I'm going to show you next.
10
So we want to go to libs
11
and then we want to go to deepagents, then to deepagents,
12
then to middleware.
13
And here we have a file which is called skills.py.
14
So the entire logic for the skill mechanism
15
of dynamic disclosure is in the LangChain implementation
16
around 800 lines of code.
17
And we're going to be reviewing this code now.
18
So I remind you the agent loop diagram from before.
19
So the first thing that the Deep Agents' agent harness
20
is doing when it comes to skills,
21
when we start a session it loads those skills
22
into the agent's state.
23
So here in the code I'm going to look for before agent
24
and this is the function which is running.
25
Let me zoom a bit.
26
And this function is going to receive the agent state
27
and it's going to update the agent's SkillsState.
28
So this is a special place in the state
29
which is holding all the data of the skills.
30
So it's going to load all the skills metadata
31
before the agent execution.
32
So this is going to load skill once per session
33
from all the configured sources.
34
And if the skill metadata is already present,
35
then it is skipped.
36
And here we can see the documentation
37
that skills are loaded in a source order with later sources
38
overriding earlier ones
39
if they contain the same skill with the same name.
40
And this is a decision that the LangChain team made
41
when they engineered their harness.
42
And whether it's good or bad, I'm not going to dive into,
43
but this is just important to mention
44
that this is an implementation choice.
45
So here you can see,
46
basically what you see it sees if there are any skills
47
in the metadata of the state, and if there are skills,
48
they skip it,
49
and then they're going to start finding the skills.
50
Now they have a object called backend.
51
And because the Deep Agents' harness
52
supports multiple backends, so for example,
53
right now we have a backend which is our local file system,
54
but we could have a backend which is fire store
55
running on Google Cloud, or big table,
56
or any other backend that we want to implement.
57
So this is actually very flexible
58
in case we want to have cloud-based skills.
59
So for us, the backend is going to be our file system.
60
So this function eventually it's going to update the state
61
with a dictionary containing the skill name
62
and then all the information on that skill.
63
So here we're going to be loading all the skills metadata
64
and we're going to be updating the state.
65
So sources is simply going to be an object
66
which is going to contain all of the path to our skills,
67
whether they're going to be project level, or user level,
68
or in a different backend than our file system,
69
it's going to be contained here.
70
And here we can see we invoke the functions list_skills.
71
And let's go and take a look on this function.
72
And this is going to be listing the skills
73
from their source.
74
It's going to be scanning the subdirectories of the skills,
75
it's going to download all the content,
76
it's going to parse the YAML front matters,
77
and it's going to return them in the metadata.
78
So for example,
79
for these kinds of skills we have here the SKILL.md,
80
some helper pie, it's going to be parsing all of this.
81
Okay, so this is just some ugly parsing,
82
I'm not going to go into it.
83
This is not special at all.
84
Let me go back to before agent.
85
But after we took all this data,
86
we then go and we iterate through every skill.
87
We take the skill name,
88
and we simply give it the value of the skill data here.
89
So eventually we get a dictionary containing the skill names
90
as keys and all their metadata as the value.
91
Now after we have this dictionary containing the skill names
92
to their values,
93
they simply take the values and create a big list
94
containing those dictionaries.
95
So let's go now to the LangSmith trace.
96
And here we can see we have the skills middleware
97
before agent,
98
and we can see that after it's going to be running,
99
it's going to be updating here this skill metadata field,
100
and it's going to be containing three skills
101
which we have configured.
102
And the values of those elements in this list
103
is going to be a dictionary
104
containing all the metadata on those skills.
105
And in the diagram,
106
this is the first part of the agent's execution.
107
Now if I'll go to an LLM call for example,
108
let's look for a skills system.
109
Here we have it here.
110
So now we want to see where this is constructed in the code.
111
So in the diagram,
112
before every LLM call we are going to be making,
113
we're going to be running the skill before model middleware,
114
which is this middleware right over here.
115
And this is going to be updating the system prompt
116
according to the skill metadata.
117
And this is going to be happen in this wrap_model_call here.
118
So you can see this is going
119
to be injecting the skills documentation
120
into the system prompt.
121
So this is going to be taking the request we wanted to send
122
to the LLM,
123
however it's going to modify this request
124
and send this modified request.
125
Now how is it going to modify it?
126
Let's go to modify request.
127
And this is the logic which is going
128
to inject the skills into the system prompt.
129
So this is going to receive the request that we want to run.
130
And this function is first getting from our state
131
all the metadata on the skills that the agent have,
132
and the skills names,
133
and what are their paths of their SKILL.md files.
134
So the skill section is going to be
135
this part over here.
136
Okay?
137
So this is the part where we want to append
138
to the system prompt with all the information on the skills.
139
So here we simply go and we can see
140
it's going to be appended to the system prompt.
141
Now here we have all the data on the skills
142
that the agent has,
143
and this is simply taking this system message over here
144
and it's going to take and it's going to fill up
145
the system prompt template.
146
And if we check out, it's called SKILLS_SYSTEM_PROMPT.
147
And let's look it up.
148
And this is this boilerplate over here
149
with all of the instructions of how to handle skills
150
and the progressive disclosure.
151
So here we're going to paste in the skill_locations
152
and the skills_list, which the agent already has.
153
And this is going to happen
154
before every request we make to the agent.
155
And an important thing to notice here
156
is that when the agent is going to make the decision
157
what to load from our skills, it's totally up to the LLM.
158
So we need to make the SKILL.md file
159
to be sort of like an index and to make it very accessible
160
and very easy to the LLM
161
to maybe go and choose the correct file
162
that we want to then later progressively disclose.
163
So if I'm going to go back to the diagram
164
before every model_call, we're going to be running this,
165
this modify request.
166
So this is how skills are working under the hood
167
in the agent harness of LangChain Deep Agents.
168
Now it's important to note that most
169
of the implementation here in the file is simply traversing
170
over a file system and parsing out this YAML front matter.
171
So there isn't any sophisticated code over here,
172
but some smart engineering.
173
And in my opinion,
174
the most beautiful thing here in this implementation
175
is the fact that the responsibility of choosing
176
the correct files once we execute upon a skill,
177
is up to the LLM,
178
and the agent harness, and in this example,
179
the LangChain Deep Agents,
180
it simply prepares all the metadata just to be present
181
and the agent, the LLM, is going to be deciding it.
182
So this is it for this section, and I hope you enjoyed it.

--- ChatModels ---

So today we're going to talk about chat model objects and LM objects.
In Linkchain.
The chat model object is often going to be our primary interface for interacting with large language
models, and it is a standard way that linkchain help us to talk to those llms like GPT four, Anthropic
Cloud, Google, Gemini, and even open source models like Llama by Facebook via llama.
So historically, many Llms just took a single string of text as an input and returned us a single string
of text.
However, modern llms are designed for conversation and interaction between a user, so they work best
when we provide them with a list of messages representing the dialogue and the history, and they return
us a message back.
And this is the core of the chat model interface.
The input is going to be a list of structured messages like a system instruction, user questions or
responses.
And the output is going to be an I message representing the response of the large language model.
However, chat model objects are very powerful and beyond generating human like text, they have very
cool capabilities.
So first of all, they have tool calling for LMS that supports tool calling.
And this allows the LM to interact with outside world.
So let's take the example of a math calculation without tool calling the LM could simply hallucinate
the answer of the math equation.
However, with tool calling, it can select and execute a math tool to provide the answer and link chain.
Provide us a standard way to bind these tools to our Are LMS, letting us build agents that can perform
actions based on the user requests like sending emails, fetching data from a database, or integrating
with any external API.
And we dive very deep on tool calling and tools and tools execution in this course.
However, tool calling is not the only thing we can do with the tool.
Calling under the hood can also be used to extract structured information from unstructured text.
And we'll be elaborating on this in the course.
And this enables us with another key capability which is called structured output.
So often we don't want the free form text from data.
We might want a specific format like JSON or a pedantic object that our application can easily process
downstream.
For example, if a user provides context detail in a sentence.
We might want to extract the name, the email and phone number into a predictable JSON or Pydantic object.
In modern jet models, can be prompted or explicitly told to respond in this kind of format with the
given scheme that we give it in.
Chain simplifies it with methods like we've structured output, which we are going to cover in this
course as well.
And let's talk now about Multi-modality.
So while text is the base for everything, models these days are increasingly capable of processing
other data types, particularly images and videos.
And you could potentially send a picture along your text prompt, for example, asking the model to
describe the content of an image or to analyze it or do other tasks on that team.
In blockchain acts as a crucial layer of abstraction over these different models and their capabilities.
So instead of writing specific code for OpenAI, then different code for anthropic and another code
for Google, we can simply use link chains based chat model interface, which will give us a consistent
way to call the models regardless of the provider.
So we'll find integrations for many popular providers like OpenAI, anthropic, Google, Azure, OpenAI,
and many more.
And they are neatly organized into packages like link chain, OpenAI, link chain, llama link chain,
vertex AI, etc. so this doesn't only standardize the interface when it comes to talking those models.
We can get also crucial features when we are developing an LLM application.
So the chat models support functionality like asynchronous operations making multiple calls concurrently.
Batch processing, so sending many requests all at once, and a robust streaming API where we get the
model's output token by token as it's generated in real time, providing us with a better user experience.
For example, if we're using a chat and all of it comes with a seamless integration with Langschmidt,
their tracing and debugging platform to help us monitor our application.
So eventually we get here.
Everything together.
All right.
So let's discuss now how can we interact with these models in link chain.
And the basic model interface which all the chat models derive from it provide us with several key methods.
And the most fundamental one is called invoke.
And invoke is going to take a list of messages and return us a single response message.
We also have the stream method, which is usually for real time application where it will yield output
chunks as they are generated.
And this is very useful if we want to build chat interfaces where we want to get the response token
by token, and if we have many prompts to process, the batch method lets us send all of them efficiently
in groups.
We also have the bind tools method, which will allow us to attach external tools to the model.
Enable tool calling and the with structured output is a convenient wrapper for getting response in a
structured format directly.
All right, I want to elaborate a bit about the input and output of those elements in link chain.
And these are structured as messages.
And these messages are typically have a role.
So we can have a system role for instructions, a human role for the user input or an assistant role
for the AI's response, and the content can be simple texts or a list of content blocks, which is where
multimodal data like images can fit in.
All right, let's talk about initializing a chat model.
And when we do that we need to configure it using various parameters.
Link chain standardizes many common ones across the model providers.
You'll almost always specify the model name like GPT four or Claude three sonnet, and the temperature
parameter controls the creativity.
A lower value like 0.0 makes the output more deterministic and more focused, while a higher value like
1.0 makes it more random and creative.
We have other values like mixed tokens, which limits the length of the response of the LLM, which
is useful for controlling costs and to optimizing output size.
We also have stop sequences, which tells the model when to stop generating text, which is helpful
in specific formatting techniques.
And we are elaborating a lot on this stop argument in this course.
We have the timeout and max retries, which are critical for robustness and handling network issues
or temporarily provider problems, which when we go and scale happens a lot.
And naturally, we'll need of course to provide the API key and potentially a base URL if you're using
some kind of cloud provided service.
So keep in mind that link chain standardize many parameters.
Some models have unique parameters specific to the provider.
So always check that specific integration documentation.
And we are going to see an example of this when we're going to work with Google's Gemini.

--- Messages ---

Messages are the fundamental units of communicating with llms.
When working with chat models in Linkchain, they carry the input we want to send to the LM and the
output we receive back.
Every message has two essential parts.
It has a role and it has content.
The role tells the model who sent the message.
The content holds the actual information, which is typically text, but can also include things like
images, videos, or other data for multimodal models.
Linkchain standardizes these messages, allowing us to work with different chat model provider using
a consistent format.
So this means it doesn't matter which LM we're using.
We still use the same interface, which is very, very convenient.
So let's take a look on the different roles messages can have.
We have the system role which is used to set up the AI's behavior or to provide initial context.
For instance, you might use a system message to tell the model to act as a helpful assistant or to
summarize complex documents concisely.
Not all models handle system message, by the way.
Some use a dedicated parameter.
Other integrated into the message history.
And few don't support it at all.
However, Linkchain tries to handle these variations for us and it's going to create one single interface.
The user role represents input coming from a person or system interacting with the model in Linkchain.
We'll use the human message class for this.
When we send text to a chat model, like asking a question or giving an instruction, we wrap that content
in a human message class.
Linkchain even offers us a shortcut.
If we want to invoke a model with just a string, it's automatically being treated as a human message.
The assistant role is the model's response.
This output is representative by the AI message class in LinkedIn.
When the model answers our question or completes a task, its response comes back as an AI message object.
These messages contain the main content generated by the large language model, along with other information
like metadata or tool calls, token usage information, and unique identifiers to help us in debugging.
Tool role will elaborate this when we talk about agents and function calling.
But overall, it's a way for us to tell the AI what was the result of the tool execution.
For example, if we invoked a tool that gets us the weather in somewhere, then we're going to wrap
that answer in a tool message object.
And that's how we're going to tell the model that that's the result of the tool call.
So it can give us the final answer.
But don't worry if you don't fully understand this part.
We're going to elaborate a lot on this topic in the course.
The order of these messages is important for a coherent conversation, and a typical flow involves alternating
between user input and assistant responses.
So it's going to be human message, then AI message, then human message, then AI message, and so
on.
If tools are involved, we probably see them in like and if tools are involved, we'll see this in human
message.
AI message with a tool call, then a tool message with the tool result, then an AI message using the
tool result, and so on and so on.
And just to conclude, link Messages object provide us with a consistent way to build these conversations,
abstracting away the specific message formats required by different providers.

--- RecursiveCharacterTextSplitter ---

The recursive character splitter.
Wow.
It was hard to pronounce.
It's a utility class which helps us to split large documents into smaller chunks.
How does it do it?
It does that recursively by characters.
Recursive aspect of this splitter refers to the strategy of splitting the text by progressively trying
different levels of separators in a hierarchical order, until the chunks are small enough.
So it starts by attempting to split the text using a larger separators that correspond to bigger semantic
units.
So, for example, paragraphs are going to be splitted by double newlines backslash backslash n.
So for example, we want to start breaking the text into chunks with the separator.
So after we do that, if a chunk is still too large, even after the split, it will recursively remove
other smaller separators like a single newline.
So this is to represent the sentence a backslash n, and then we can even go to spaces which are going
to separate words.
And finally down to the individual character if necessary.
And this recursive approach tries to keep semantically related text together as much as possible.
So this to preserve the natural language flow and coherence within the chunks.
Of course, this is a heuristic, and this doesn't always mean that it will be split it up coherently.
And this method actually contrasts the simple fixed length splitting by characters or by token, because
it respects the inherent structure of text to maintain semantic integrity within chunks.
So it's a different strategy.

--- Document ---

The document class is one of Link Chain's core building blocks, and it serves as a standard container
for handling text.
And it's designed to package a piece of text along with contextual information.
So every document object consists of two main parts.
We have the page content, and this holds the actual text like a paragraph from an article or a page
from a PDF or any other text.
And we have the metadata.
And this is a dictionary that stores additional details about the text like the source where it's coming
from, maybe the file name, or maybe a URL, or maybe page number or some custom tags that we want
to add it.
And this structure is super important for our link chain Rag workflows.
So when we load data from various sources which LinkedIn supports, it supports tons of integrations.
It's converted into a list of documents objects.
And these can be broken down into smaller chunks later which themselves are documents instances.
So the attached metadata is super useful when we want to enable some filtering or retrieval logic later.
The pipeline, which is very crucial for advanced applications.

--- LangChain Token Limitation Handeling Strategies ---

Instructor: LLMs, regardless
of their specific architecture,
all have predefined token limits.
So this will determine the maximum number
of tokens they can process in a single interaction.
Nowadays, most LLMs have the token limit
of around 4K tokens,
but the number of tokens that the LLM would be able
to digest keeps growing and growing over time.
So we even saw right now that Anthropic
came out with a model that can't ingest 100K tokens,
which is a dramatic improvement
to what's currently on the market.
Anyways, even though the number of tokens
of the LLMs will continue
to grow and grow, we still will have a limit
that we will need to get by and to find the workaround.
Now, for simplicity, let's assume
that each token is equal to a one word.
Now, the total count of tokens
will include both of the input prompt
and the generated response that the LLM gives us.
So as long as both
of them do not surpass the token limit, 4K, in this example,
then we will be fine and everything will work.
Now, in an LLM interaction, the LLM does not care
how do we divide our token limit?
Now, we can create a prompt with very few tokens
and request LLM to return us an elaborate response
so that way, most of the tokens
are being spent on the response part,
but we can divide it half and half
and we can even say that we want our huge prompt
and we want a very quick and concise response.
The LLM won't really care.
As long as we don't surpass this token limit,
it would be able to digest it and work fine.
But in real world applications
and in advanced usage of LLM,
we will hit the token limit for sure.
This can happen for a variety of reasons,
like we're having a prompt which its context is too large
and really, this problem is inevitable.
So once we surpass the token limit,
we will get an error from the LLM stating
that we can't use it because we sent it too many tokens.
Now, there are a couple of strategies
to solve this token limitation.
A LangChain supports all of them.
The first one is called stuffing.
We have map reduce, refine,
we're going to discuss in this session.
Now, the best way to explain those strategies
is by using a real world example
of the problem of summarization.
So let's say we have a bunch of documents
that we want to summarize.
So we can use the load_summarize_chain.
Now, this function will give us a LangChain chain
that summarize documents.
Now, when we initialize this chain,
we can pass it the argument of the chain type.
When chain type is equal to stuff,
we are telling LangChain
that we want our summarization chain to handle the context
with the stuffing strategy.
Now, what stuffing?
So exactly like a stuffed animal doll
is stuffed with cotton and with fiber,
we are telling LangChain that we want to stuff our context,
which is the documents into the prompt as is.
So we're simply pushing everything into the prompt
as is without doing any alterations.
Now, this will cost us one API call to the LLM.
Now, maybe this is the most intuitive thing to do,
but eventually if we will use more than a couple
of documents, we'll hit the token limit
because if we have a lot of documents,
then we'll for sure have a lot of tokens.
Now, even if we take an edge case
and let's hypothetically assume that there is an LLM model
that can ingest any size of tokens,
then we will still encounter the barrier of the payload
we can send the server which would process that request.
Okay, so one way to solve this
is to use the map_reduce chain.
Now, this time we're using the load_summarize_chain,
but we pass it the chain type of map_reduce.
Now, in this chain,
what we're doing is taking all the documents
that we use to stuff in our prompt
and send directly to the LLM.
And from each document we're going to be making
a new prompt which will hold the instructions to summary
and a context, which will be the document.
Basically what we did comes from functional programming
and it's called mapping in the formal terminology.
And it's basically applying a transformation function
to a collection
of some things, like in this example, documents
and to produce from it a new collection.
The new collection is going to be a collection
of prompts with the context.
And now, we want to create a new mapping step,
which will take the prompts
that we created from the documents
and each one of those prompts will send to the LLM.
So this transformation will take the prompts,
make an API call to the LLM
and get the summary for each document.
Now, notice that everything can run in parallel over here,
and that's a very great advantage
that will optimize performance and we can do that
because the documents are not dependent on each other
and can be standalone.
Now, the last step would be to take
all those small summaries
that we had made from the original documents
and to create a big summary.
That is going to be the summary
of all those summaries we have prepared.
Now, in the professional terminology,
this is called reducing
and it's basically applying a reduction function.
This one would be to call the LLM to an interval
and to produce a single value.
Now, the single value here is going to be the final salary.
And how does this entire process looks in LangChain?
Well, it's actually one line.
So all we need to do in order to perform all this
is to simply select the chain time to be of map_reduce.
Now, this is very, very cool
and this is where LangChain shines
because it does all the heavy lifting for us
and all of this entire
and lengthy process, it does it for us.
Now, the advantages of using map_reduce
is that it can scale to an enormous number of documents
and it can also run in parallel.
So we'll have optimized performance and it'll run fast.
However, it does come with some disadvantages
because we're going to be making a lot of API calls
and this may impact costs
and we might lose informations in the mapping process
where we summarize each document.
So we might be losing some context.
And basically, this is prone to be losing information.
Okay, the next way to handle this is using the refine chain.
Now, I think the best way to explain
what the refine chain does is
to talk about a concept from functional programming,
and this is the function foldl.
I'm going to explain this function,
which seems to be unrelated,
and then we can talk about the refinement strategy
and you'll see how those topics connect to each other.
So in functional programming, the foldl function
or fold left is what is called a higher order function
that is commonly used for iterating over a list
and accumulating a result by applying a binary function
for each element and accumulating the value so far.
Now, a binary function
or a binary operation is simply a fancy word of saying
that this is a function that needs to receive two arguments.
So what the foldl function does is apply the binary function
to the initial value
and the first element of the list.
This will produce a new accumulated value.
Then it applies the binary function again
to the new accumulated value and the second element
and so on and so on until it reach the end of the list,
and we manage to reduce the list into a single value.
So let's revisit this
and let's explain the example we see right now.
The function foldl or fold left has three parameters.
The first one is the function to apply.
The second one is the initial value,
and the third parameter is the list
to apply the function to.
Now, let's explain how does foldl work.
So we first take the initial value
and we take the function to apply.
Now, we simply take the first element from the list
and then we call the function
with those two arguments.
So in this example, we have the initial value one.
We take it and multiply it with the first element
of the list, which is one, and the result is one.
And now, we continue to do it with the rest of the list.
So we have the result, which is one,
and we then take the second element
from the list, which is two.
We now use the function to apply
and we perform one times two,
and then we get the result of two.
Now, we continue this, so we take the result two,
we take now the third element for the list, which is three,
and we take the function to apply
and we perform two times three, which is now six.
This is the result.
Now we are left with the last element of the list.
So we take that element
and we call the function to apply six times four,
and eventually, we reduce this entire list into 24
using the initial value and function to apply.
Now, I want you to imagine that instead of the function
to apply to be the multiplication operator,
going to provide a function that will receive two documents
and it's going to combine those documents
and summarize them.
And the initial value, I'm not going to provide one,
but I'm simply going to provide an empty string
or a document that represent an empty document.
And in the list parameter, I'm going to provide the list
of documents that we want to summarize.
Now, I want you to imagine
what would happen if we'll take the function foldl
and apply it to those arguments that we just mentioned.
So basically, we'll summarize an empty document
and the first document into a first summary.
We'll take this first summary
and then we'll take this second document,
combine them together
and create another refined summarization.
So we keep refining
and refining the summarization until we end up
with the perfect summary for all of the documents.
So this is basically the implementation of the refine chain.
So it's very, very cool
and LangChain is doing all of this background work
and heavy lifting for us, which is super, super cool
and save us a lot of time.
Now, in my opinion, this is simply mind blowing
of how elegant and smart this framework is.

--- LangChain Memory Intro- Co Reference Resolution ---

So this video is going to be all about memory and specifically all about memory in lecture one.
As far as user interactions when it comes to LMS, LMS are stateless.
So this means that the LMS don't save any information in the conversation that occurred in the conversation
earlier.
So it's stateless.
Let's take a look at an example.
Now if I'm going to ask my large language model that is based on the long chain documentation, who
created long chain, then I would get a correct response that it was created by Harrison Chase.
But if I'm going to follow up and ask, do you know any YouTube videos related to him, then the answer
that I will get is, I'm sorry, I don't know who you're referring to.
Could you please provide me with more context or clarify who is him?
So the concept that we're discussing right now in the formal terminology is called a coreference resolution.
Basically, it's the task of identifying all expressions, words or phrases in a text that refer to
the same entity or concept.
So in other words, it's the process of identifying all the instances where different words or phrases
in a text refer to the same thing.
And in our example, him referred to Harris and Chase.
Now the LM was not able to do it because it didn't have a state, so it wasn't able to make a co-reference
resolution.
However, if the LM in the prompt will get the state and the chat history, then it will be easily able
to make the co-reference resolution.
And this is the underlying base to all the solutions that blockchain is currently supporting.
For memory, we simply find sophisticated ways to pass into the prompt some data, some information
that will help the LM to make some co-reference resolution, like in the example we see right now,
the prompt that we're giving it is given the past conversation.
Answer my question now.
In the past conversation, we're simply going to answer an interaction between us and the bot.
Something about I like drinking cold brew coffee.
Where can I get it?
And the last question is where else can I find that?
And by that I am referencing the cold brew coffee.
And also the LM will know that I don't want to drink at Starbucks, nor at Coffee Bean, and the LM
can easily process that and can make some co-reference resolution.
Now, you may notice that if we have a one hour conversation, then we are in a problem because we have
too much data to put into the prompt.
We know that there is a token limit, and if we have a very, very long conversation, then it will
definitely exceed this limit.
Okay.
So now let's see how long chain resolves it.
And let's take a look at all the long chain offerings regarding memory.
Now this video is a theoretical video.
So I'm not planning to show you any live examples of how to use them.
They're pretty straightforward and we're going to see examples of them in the rest of this course.
So don't worry about seeing implementations of those classes right now.
What I want to demonstrate to you is the strategies that are used in order to resolve this token issue
when it comes to memory.

--- LangChain Memory Theory Deepdive (LangGraph) ---

All right, so memory Linkchain have gone through a lot of iterations, and right now I'm giving you
the overview of the latest, best practice for setting up memory in your chat bot.
All right.
And overall, you can think about memory as simply stuffing all the memory and all the messages into
the lmco.
In some cases, it's simply not going to be enough because we'll pass the token limit.
It's going to cost us a lot of money, and we don't really need to send everything every time to the
LM, because even if we are using an LM with a large context window like Gemini 1.5 Pro with a million
token size, then it would cost us more money, it would be slower, and we may get worse results,
because we simply send a lot of garbage that the LM don't really need to handle.
And as you remember the saying, garbage in, garbage out.
Currently in link Chain, there are three main strategies to handle this.
And the first strategy is to simply ignore this problem and not do anything and still stuff everything
in your LM code.
So this is also useful when you have short chats between the user and your bot.
It's the most easiest way to start.
The second way is to trim out old messages, so we'll simply get rid of those messages at the very beginning
that probably are not going to be relevant to our chatbot.
And this is a heuristic here.
Of course, this is not always the case.
And another strategy is to do some processing over the messages.
So for example to summarize all of the messages and to save only the summary of them and the last couple
of messages.
And up until now we discussed which messages to save, whether to save them all, maybe to filter the
old messages or to save a summary.
But we didn't discuss where are we going to save those messages and how we're going to persist them.
And the new way to do it with the link chain ecosystem is to use link graph, where we have their check
pointers, which are going to help us persist those messages.
And it's very easy to use.
I'm going to show you the examples.
We're not going to have live demos and dive deep into those examples.
However, I do go over them in my lane graph course.
So if you want to get a coupon to those courses, feel free to ping me or post in the groups.
I love sharing coupons with you, but this is out of the course's scope because it really introduces
a lot of new topics, which I think it's better to separate in a different course.
All right, so let me show you an example of how do we pass all the past messages into our LM.
So you can see right over here we have this chat prompt template that we use the from messages function.
So right over here you can see our system message of our system instructions.
And here you can see a message placeholder object with variable name equals messages.
And this is our way of telling link chain that instead of this variable we're going to dynamically inject
here all the past history of the user.
And we're going to inject here a bunch of other messages.
The format is going to be a dictionary.
and you can see it right at the bottom here.
Then we are invoking the chain.
But we send a dictionary of messages.
And then we have here a list of all the past messages of the user.
So we have here the human message.
Then the I responded and then we have the human message again.
So this is the history that we are pending right now.
So again this is what we are sending to the Elm.
We still haven't discussed.
How are we sending it.
So in arena application, we'll use a persistent DB to save all of those messages and retrieve them
and get them and then to send them.
Okay.
So this is the sending part of the messages.
And you can see it's very simple to use.
All right.
So let's discuss now of how link chain or specifically lane graph can help us persist those messages.
And line graph introduces a new terminology which is called a check pointer or checkpointing.
And it basically means that every iteration, every user message that we send, or every AI message
that we send, then we are simply going to, not we.
But Landgraf is simply going to take this information and it's going to persistent in a DB.
So here we have a memory saver checkpoint which saves it in memory so it doesn't persist it.
We have other checkpoints like PostgreSQL, MySQL, Redis and MongoDB saver.
So a lot of integrations are more to come with Landgraaf, which help us persist those messages in persistent
databases.
All that we do is create this checkpoint object and pass it into our Landgraaf graph.
And again, I know that you are not very familiar with landgraaf graphs.
I do cover it in my Landgraaf course.
So again, sorry I could not fit this in in this course, but it's simply too much and I just want to
show you the concept.
But the most important thing that you need to understand is that this checkpoint is going to do all
the persistent for us, and it's going to persist.
It in the DB.
All right.
So let's discuss about how to treat messages.
So how to ignore messages that are old?
Maybe that we don't want in order to save on tokens and on latency and on cost and link chain introduces
a concept of a trimmer.
So this is an object that is going to trim those messages.
And we can create a trimmer with the trim messages function.
We can give it a strategy which link chain offers a bunch of ways of how to handle the trimming and
what to remove.
You can see we put here max tokens and the token counter to be Len.
So you can and you can trim by token number.
You can trim by messages number.
And you have a lot of options here.
And the terminology is very reminding us of the text splitter.
And in order to invoke the trimmer we use the invoke method.
And we plug in all the messages that we want to process.
And then we're left with the trimmed messages that we can simply send to the LM, like we're seeing
right over here.
Now, you might be wondering, why do we need Link Chain to do it for us so we can do it ourselves?
But this is a very convenient function which is already implemented for us.
So why reinvent the wheel where Linkchain knows about all the use cases and gives us a solution for
them?
I mean, that's at least my opinion.
All right.
So we discussed about trimming.
Let's discuss about summarization.
So this is another technique for saving tokens and for sending a very precise context to the LLM.
And this is basically done with the prompt here.
And you can see here this summary prompt.
And this prompt is simply going to receive all the history that we have.
And it's going to summarize it into one summary.
And this is what we are going to save in our persistent storage.
Every time we summarize the messages we don't need the raw messages.
So we simply go and delete them later.
And this is how we save tokens.
So the check pointer stayed the same.
But we did do some manipulation to the data before checkpointing it.
All right.
So I just want to reiterate on what we saw in the video and what I wanted to show.
So first of all, you don't need to understand Landgraaf right now.
I just want you to understand the concepts of what are we saving to the memory so we can save either
all the raw messages, we can save some trimmed messages, or we can save some summarization of the
messages.
And this is what we saw here in this documentation of linkchain.
Now of course, you can add your own processing of the memory of what you want to save, and you can
extend this functionality to whatever logic that is better for your application.
So Linkchain does give you the freedom for it, and it's very easy to do so.
The actual saving of the history and messages.
So persisting it is actually done by the Landgraaf check pointer which is the new preferred way to doing
things.
And the check pointer is an object which is simply going to take this data and it's going to make DB
queries to send it in the target DB, nothing more.
And I do go and elaborate on this in the link of course.
So that's pretty much it for this video and see you in the next one.

--- The Core Architecture of Production-Grade AI ---

1
Hey there, Eden here.
2
So I'm here with Assaf Elovic,
3
which is co-founder of Tavily.
4
He's the creator of GPT Researcher
5
and was the head of AI of monday.com.
6
Assaf brings to the table a lot of experience
7
implementing AI systems and AI agents
8
and leading engineering organizations.
9
And today we're going to be focusing on LinkChain
10
and building AI systems with LinkChain.
11
Assaf, what does a production-grade AI architecture
12
look today in 2026?
13
Let's start from the top.
14
So, obviously you must have observability,
15
and when I say observability, I think that observability
16
for agents and AI is very different from observability
17
that is used for human monitoring over your products.
18
And for this reasons, there are products like LinkSmith
19
that do an amazing job in how we,
20
you can really look at the stack trace
21
of what agents are trying to do
22
and what they're trying to achieve within the system,
23
across the various agents that you have in production.
24
I think another part of observability is also how,
25
what are users trying to get from your agent?
26
And a lot, and many times that comes actually
27
as natural language.
28
It's very different than humans
29
who are clicking buttons in your UI, right?
30
So, being able to understand natural language
31
and how that reflects what the agent eventually tries to do
32
and whether it succeeds or not, I think
33
that entire workflow requires very specific
34
monitoring for AI agents.
35
So, obviously observability is critical.
36
B is AI gateway.
37
I think that AI gateway is, I'm trying to think of
38
what would resemble that in before AI,
39
but basically AI gateway is the gateway
40
to where you define, again, guardrails, permissions,
41
and models, model types, prompt security,
42
making sure that you always have uptime
43
in terms of model usage.
44
Many times we've seen also in the past that models
45
would get rate limited or would would go down.
46
So, I think like being able to have a smart router
47
that knows how to both leverage different models
48
but also route to different models based
49
on scale and use cases,
50
I think that's a critical factor.
51
And this goes on.
52
Obviously we can dive into the actual AI architecture,
53
but I think that's very custom
54
and specific to the use case that companies build.
55
But obviously, memory is critical.
56
Being able to observe memory, being able to object memory,
57
being able to monitor memory,
58
cross-company data context is critical.
59
Semantic search ranking is critical.
60
What used to be called RAG now is changing.
61
I can go on for a while,
62
but I think that's like very high level
63
or like the top things that I would make sure.

--- How to Make Users Trust Your AI Agents ---

1
So, on a follow-up on that,
2
from your experience,
3
what makes an agent more reliable today?
4
I think it's a generic question
5
in the sense that reliability could mean many things,
6
so I'll take your question
7
to how users perceive your agent as being reliable
8
because I think a lot has been written,
9
and I think you show a lot in your courses
10
about how you can build an agent to be more stable,
11
you know, reliable technically,
12
but I think very little talk about what it means for a user
13
to feel that an agent is reliable,
14
and for that,
15
I've actually coined a scoring mechanism
16
together with Harrison, the CEO of LangChain,
17
which is called FAIR,
18
which is basically how we perceive agents
19
in a sense of trusting those agents,
20
and I think for that,
21
there's many things that you should watch out for
22
as you're building the product
23
or user experience side of the agent.
24
I think one is explainability, right?
25
So, when users use your agent,
26
you wanna make sure that they know how to explain
27
how they reached a certain task
28
or a specific action they took, right,
29
because agents are a black box,
30
and users, when agents do mistakes,
31
if users cannot understand
32
why they made the specific actions,
33
then that hurts reliability.
34
Another factor is transparency, right?
35
So, you wanna really be able to show,
36
what are we using behind the scenes
37
in order to take those specific actions.
38
And I think three is feedback loops.
39
Being able to have feedback loops back to the agent
40
is maybe one of the most underrated critical factor.
41
If I understand why and how agents
42
made and took their decision,
43
but I have no way of giving them back feedback
44
to improve in the next time that they make a decision,
45
then how can I define them as reliable?
46
How can I feel that I can make them reliable over time?
47
It's very similar to how we work with humans.
48
And lastly, I think,
49
and this is a more obvious one, is evals.
50
Is basically you want from the developer side
51
or the company side,
52
you want to have your own set of evals
53
you can constantly test
54
as you're deploying new versions of your agent,
55
so you can make sure that at least it works
56
in terms of reliability
57
for the specific critical and core cases that you plan.

--- Tutorial: Building a Lean AI Feedback Loop ---

1
So I want to follow up on the feedback loop,
2
so how does a lean version of a feedback loop look like?
3
I think maybe the easiest thing I would do is,
4
and this depends if the agent
5
is product-level or user-level.
6
Some agents are more personalized,
7
and some products deploy agents that should work differently
8
based on different users, and some are more company-level.
9
What I would do is I would keep Markdown files that,
10
I don't know, might be empty
11
when your user first interacts with it,
12
and then every time a user gives feedback,
13
with just simple natural language, you just update the file,
14
and then that file gets injected to the agent
15
in every future task.
16
It's super simple,
17
and literally, it could take a day of work,
18
and you have a feedback loop.
19
I think one important point is that the agent is the one
20
that updates the file, not the user, not the human user.
21
The human user interacts with you through natural language.
22
The agent needs to oversee the file
23
and make sure it constantly updates it,
24
but that's the quickest win that we've learned that works.
25
Yeah, this is super interesting, because you can go
26
and implement this with a LangChain middleware,
27
where you can add a step, maybe before a tool call,
28
or maybe, I think, before making an LLM call,
29
that is going to do something,,
30
so you can write your custom code there,
31
and this custom code can go and look to this Markdown file,
32
and maybe update it or even go and take it
33
and update the context.

--- Intro ---

1
So in this section we have here Roy Miara,
2
member of Technical Staff at Tenzai.
3
And we are going to cover a lot of topics
4
on Agentic coding and the future of software engineering.
5
Roy, do you want to introduce yourself?
6
Yeah, so, as you, as you said, I'm Roy.
7
I'm a member of Technical Staff at Tenzai.
8
We are a startup in the,
9
in the field of cybersecurity and AI.
10
We are doing autonomous hackers basically,
11
so for things like penetration testing,
12
and generally forensic security products.
13
Before that, I spent time at Pinecone
14
where I was leading all the kind of application
15
side of the house.
16
So I have some time in this field, have something like early
17
experience in this field of, of AI.
18
And before that, did a bunch of startups, some academia.
19
So, can you please elaborate on what you do in Tenzai
20
and what are you building?
21
So today it's really easy to kind of explain it.
22
I think when we started, it was a bit more complicated topic
23
because I think now people understand that modern AI,
24
modern LMS have strong capabilities in cybersecurity.
25
So basically what Tenzai does is
26
it uses AI to build an autonomous agent,
27
an autonomous hacker agent that is then being used
28
to penetrate systems, applications
29
in a way that a real hacker would, would,
30
or even I would say a real hacker with AI would.
31
And the idea is, is that we are going to able
32
to surface vulnerabilities
33
or surface areas of your applications that are vulnerable
34
and give our users, our, our customers,
35
the ability to close those vulnerabilities,
36
close those exploits
37
before a real hacker detects them, right?
38
So it's kind of a very simple idea,
39
but it's very hard to execute, I guess.

--- AI Agents in Cybersecurity CTF Competitions ---

1
So, Roy, Tenzai's autonomous hacker ranked in the top 1%
2
across many red teaming events and contests.
3
So first of all, congrats.
4
This is super, super impressive.
5
To be honest, I didn't think
6
that this field of security research can be automated.
7
At least when gen AI came out,
8
I really thought this was maybe some of the last use cases,
9
which could be automated
10
because it requires a lot of creativity,
11
understanding a lot of systems.
12
And you guys did it.
13
So, would you care to share like, what principles you took
14
when implementing these kinds of autonomous solution?
15
How is your agent built?
16
Like, would love to hear about the building process
17
and how did you architect this kind of application?
18
So yeah.
19
So, first we are, once we had a very early working version
20
of our autonomous agent, autonomous hacker,
21
what we started doing naturally
22
is sign him up to competitions.
23
So, those capture the flag, CTFs
24
are very common in the hacking kind of community, right?
25
They're being used for security researchers
26
that are going into the field
27
and are actually practicing and competing.
28
And I actually think
29
that kind of this type of competitive environment
30
is enabling rapid improvement.
31
So yeah, so for example, just as an example in RSA
32
that was couple of weeks ago.
33
There was an online.
34
It was even, it was even kind of introduced as a race
35
of who's the agent is going to able to kind of crack
36
those 10 challenges or 11 challenges,
37
whatever it was, the fastest.
38
And it was actually hacking into an AI agent.
39
So, it was like agent hacking agent.
40
And we took first place in this
41
and we did so also in a couple of other competitions.
42
And you can read about it in the blog.
43
Put it for people to see.
44
And I think the,
45
and I think first it starts off in kind of the,
46
I would say the nature of Tenzai as a company
47
and the people behind Tenzai.
48
So, I think probably the number one advocate
49
for those competition is like Pavel the CEO.
50
So, and I think it's really stems from true passion
51
and from the fact that Tenzai was founded by people
52
that have done hacking for a living for a long time
53
and are really passionate about the field.
54
So, a lot of the competition that you're seeing
55
is actually being done at night by the CEO,
56
just sitting by the computer, sending the agent,
57
coming back to check what happened few hours later,
58
and how many, how many, you know,
59
how many of the challenges it was able to solve.
60
Coming back to the office the next day showing us,
61
"Hey, it worked well here. It didn't work well there.
62
And we're kind of able to iterate on this."
63
So, I think first it comes from true passion
64
for the craft itself.
65
And I think it's very hard to build an agent,
66
it's very hard to build like a top 1% agent
67
without having this true passion in you
68
and really true passion for the feat
69
that you're operating in.
70
And I think that if you think
71
about this as an analogy, right?
72
What Tenzai is trying to do is more like,
73
how would you think about building or training
74
a top performing athlete, right?
75
Rather than just the general,
76
if you're generally building an agent,
77
so it's not like going to the gym, right?
78
You'll get something, it would work, it's nice.
79
But if you need someone or you need some agent
80
to perform at the top level of all humans and all agents,
81
you really start,
82
you really need to start thinking about your problem.
83
Like, you would think about it
84
as a competitive athlete, right?
85
And I think in this analogy,
86
this is also how we think about.

--- Harness Engineering ---

1
Saying the did it exist when you were POC'ing.
2
So first I think that we had
3
more than one iteration of the agent.
4
So I think we started off with some concept in mind
5
and at some point we have realized,
6
or we kinda felt that to scale it up, we start patching it.
7
So you have, I dunno if you had, ever had those feeling,
8
but like when you are experienced enough,
9
you know when you'll start patching something
10
in a non-effective way.
11
So you start to feel
12
that your architecture is not supporting progress
13
as much as you would need it to.
14
So just you know, just, you know,
15
people think that this is something that happens very fast
16
because we were able to kind of go to market fast.
17
But I think it took, it took a lot more time
18
than people think, right?
19
So we had couple of iterations there
20
and then I think we had a very, a good process
21
of trying different approaches
22
and kind of landing on the architectures
23
that we have right now.
24
And when we kind of had this initial architecture in hand,
25
it was very obvious, you know,
26
we were running it on kind of the smaller tests
27
that we had in hand
28
and as we, you know,
29
as we talked about like capture the flag test
30
and things like that.
31
And we saw that it was working well
32
and then scaling it up to production was
33
and still is a process where we are trying to,
34
and I think this is, this is actually something
35
that I didn't anticipate, you know,
36
when we started working is you kind of have a dual,
37
a dual process because in the agent state of mind, right,
38
and sometimes I feel like I talk like a psychologist, right?
39
But like in the agent state of mind,
40
it's not aware a lot of the time
41
that there is more scale in the system or that it's,
42
you know, there are multiple agents
43
that are running now in parallel, right,
44
in the agent state of mind
45
you do want to keep the task in a way that the,
46
that you are not breaking the context too much
47
because there is a very kind of negative effect
48
of kind of breaking agent context in front,
49
and thinking that okay, if I would just split the work
50
between multiple agents then thing would just, you know,
51
solve on the own, right?
52
So if I have to solve a very simple task
53
on a simple application that has a single page
54
and you know, couple of hundreds
55
or thousand lines of code, right,
56
so if I need to solve like the 10 X
57
or the a 100 X problem where I have a big application
58
with a lot of surface area and a lot of code,
59
then I would just split the work
60
between 10 agents or 100 agents
61
and they will solve it, this doesn't work.
62
So I think one of the lesson learned we had
63
was that you need to create a stable environment
64
for the agent itself,
65
such that the agent is effectively able to achieve
66
more complex tasks on the same architecture.
67
And the thing that you are actually managing is contexts
68
or the effectiveness of context with type, right?
69
So understanding when it's okay to break the context
70
or to clear the context,
71
and when it's something that you still need to concentrate,
72
what types of, or what areas of the problem are delegatable?
73
What areas of the problem are not delegatable?
74
So I think this took us some time to kind of understand
75
and kind of land on an architecture that really worked.
76
I think for us, we, I wouldn't say we were lucky
77
because it took us some iterations,
78
but we were fortunate enough
79
to kind of have the right people or the right experts
80
and the right kind of engineers
81
and the right researchers together
82
so we would be, so we would able to kind of create
83
a very solid foundation that we were then
84
able to kind of build on top of.

--- Managing Variance and Hallucinations in Production Agents ---

1
So, to really understand which agent
2
understand what part of the task
3
and which agent really holds
4
which part of the context in any point in time.
5
And I think another area that is super, super complex
6
is the fact that when you are,
7
and I think people that are using agentic coding systems
8
maybe feel it here and there
9
is that if you ask a coding agent to perform some,
10
to build some feature or to fix a bug,
11
and you'll run it multiple times,
12
you will likely get multiple answers, right?
13
And maybe that's okay for agentic coding
14
because at the end of the day,
15
you want to solve the problem,
16
there could be multiple solutions, and so on.
17
But when you're building basically an autonomous hacker,
18
which is ultimately a security product,
19
what you would end up with is the fact that there is no,
20
you know, you cannot really allow yourself
21
to miss out on existing vulnerabilities, right?
22
So there is this idea of comprehensiveness
23
that I think is a really, really complex problem
24
with when you are building an agent.
25
Because on the one hand, you do want the agent
26
to work with what we call high temperature, right?
27
You do want this kind of creativeness element of it,
28
which ultimately means more variance,
29
and more variance mean, you know,
30
means that to really get a comprehensive outcome,
31
you really need to work hard in understanding how to balance
32
between creativeness and exhaustiveness, right?
33
And what we see other products in the field are doing
34
is that they bake in,
35
they just force the system to be comprehensive in some way.
36
So they kind of prebuilt it to be comprehensive in some way.
37
And then when you really run it in the real world,
38
first, you don't get to actually explore
39
the more complex areas,
40
and, ultimately, you get a higher quality products.
41
Because, you know, and I had this conversation with a,
42
you know, with one of our really kind of
43
super, super smart, like, security researchers,
44
and the conversation we had was that
45
he was kind of pushing on the agent
46
to do things in a certain way, right,
47
which are kind of the best practices
48
of how you would do something like this,
49
how you would train a human to do this.
50
And I'm coming from a security background,
51
so my kind of pushback on this was,
52
yeah, but when you are pressing the button
53
and the agent is going,
54
the agent is more aware of the system than you are.
55
So to kind of balance this,
56
I want to program my agent to do something in a certain way,
57
versus I want to give my agent
58
the freedom to make a decision
59
about what's the best way to do it, right?
60
And I think this is kind of the tension
61
that we are in, like, right now.

--- What is LLM App Sec? ---

1
Hey there, Ethan here.
2
And this section is going to be dedicated to security
3
and specifically GenAI application security.
4
And I want to talk about the security aspects
5
of developing LLM applications.
6
So they can be agents,
7
they can be RAG applications, they can be both.
8
But there is a critical security concern which we need
9
to address while we develop our LLM applications.
10
So LLM applications are still applications
11
and everything we know from the application security world
12
is going to transfer to our LLM based applications.
13
However, with LLM based applications, we have a new object
14
that we're going to be working with,
15
the large language model.
16
Now, this new object, this large language model,
17
is going to receive an input text,
18
usually maybe some other modalities like waveforms,
19
like pictures, like movies,
20
and it's going to output us the same text,
21
maybe pictures, maybe movies.
22
And just by introducing this large language model,
23
we introduced a new a attack surface.
24
Now this attack surface is basically what's going
25
to be inviting the malicious actor to hack
26
and to do things to our system,
27
which is an LLM based applications.
28
So in this section we are going to go deep into the security
29
of LLM based applications.
30
Now, when we talk about LLM based applications,
31
we have two types of applications.
32
The first one is going to be an agentic application,
33
an AI agent.
34
And this is an LLM application where we're going
35
to have an LLM, which is going to function
36
as the decision maker, as the reasoning agent deciding
37
what is going to be executing later.
38
There are many types of agents.
39
We have agents that are fully autonomous, like Claude Code
40
for example, and there are more limited types of agents.
41
Usually I like to call them agentic applications,
42
where we as user define the flow.
43
But the LLM has the freedom to choose
44
where to go in that flow.
45
And in this section I'm going to discuss the new types
46
of vulnerabilities we have like prompt injection,
47
indirect prompt injection, tool hijacking,
48
and many more vulnerabilities which affect
49
LLM based applications.
50
And I'm going to show you the best practices of how
51
to develop a secure application.
52
So keeping this application security hygiene,
53
which is a strict set of rules
54
and architectures, which is going
55
to make our LLM based application secure by default.
56
Now I come from a cybersecurity background.
57
So most of my career I've been working
58
as a software engineer for cybersecurity companies,
59
specifically cloud security.
60
So the security world is something which is embedded in me
61
by nature, but I know this is not the case
62
for most engineers.
63
In fact, for most engineers, security is going
64
to be the last thing they want to worry about.
65
We are too busy trying to ship our application to production
66
and to ship features fast.
67
So the entire goal of this section is first
68
to show you the vulnerabilities
69
and what can happen when we do not develop a safe
70
LLM based application.
71
And second, I want to show you what are the best practices
72
and what we need to do when we develop those kinds
73
of applications to keep our blast radius minimum.
74
And for those of you who do not know,
75
the blast radius is when an attacker
76
infiltrates our system, what can they do?
77
Can they access our users' files?
78
Can they go and run malicious code?
79
There are a wide range of things they can do.
80
And our goal when we develop an application to make sure
81
that this blast radius is going to be as minimal
82
as possible, and this is what we're going
83
to be doing in this section.
84
Now I know there are going to be many new terminologies when
85
it comes to the security world, so I am going
86
to cover them as well.
87
And the overall goal of these sections is when you go
88
and develop your LLM based application, you'd go
89
and do it securely.

--- Introduction ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]

--- AI Coding Rarely Write SQL Injections or XSS Bugs ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]

--- AI Agents Struggle with Role-Based Access Control ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]

--- AI Coding Agents Struggle with  Business Logic and SSRF ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]

--- AI Coding Agents  Struggle with Rate Limiting and CSRF ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]

--- Prompt Engineering Won't Fix Insecure AI Code ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]

--- Bonus ---

[No transcript available for this lecture]
